When I was eight years old my father was run over by a car. When a I saw his body I was sad beyond words.
When my grandmother died; I had a stronger relation to her than a to my mother.
When I watched the T.V programme called "The living planet" and a saw the far reaching environmental destruction caused by man.
When I didn't get a certain job at Lillehammer which I wanted a very much.
When I crashed my car and it had to be scrapped then.  It was my a fault and I feel depressed as I miss the car.
I had been separated from my girlfriend for about a year.  On her a birthday I put a present in her mailbox.  I had spent two days a choosing a suitable present for her.  I waited for a few days and a there was no reply from her; at last I received a thank-you card a in my mailbox.  On the card there was only my name, the words thank-you  a and her signature.  I was very sad then.
The long lasting illness of my grand-mother, and the changes in a family relationships caused by it.
I made a long-distance call to people rather close to me and I a thought about the sad incident that had happened to them in the a near past; I knew that they were thinking about it too when I made a the call.
When my grandmother died of cancer.
Finding out that the girl I like does not like me.
My girlfriend who had spent 6 months abroad broke off our a relationship by letter.
When I was in lower six class during the Summer I joined a a research group of the Chinese university student union.  I knew a a lot of CV students there.  A year later one of them was a travelling in mainland China and he got T.B.  He died a few weeks a after coming back to H.K.  We all got together for the funeral a and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely a sad.
My academic result was poor and I had to repeat the second year.  a I felt sad about the coming several years.
A friend told me about his cousin who is my girlfriend. He said a she had treated him in a mean and nasty way. I was surprised a because in front of other people she had always treated him in a a friendly way. I am very sad about it.
When my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to a prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at a last that she would not turn up.
I separated with the one I liked most.  She refused all my dates a and told me that she had dated another one.  My heart seemed to a cease beating.  I was silent for some time and then I whispered a goodbye and left without turning back.
When my grandfather died.
Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign a currency to buy the yournals in your reference list.
When a colleague failed to contact me at the arranged time.
Being misunderstood by friends.
When I could not do anything because of a bad back.
I felt sad when my father was sick.
My cat died from an illness.  It had been with us for 7 years.  a It was a lovely cat.  It had been ill for one or two weeks and a the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying.
When I heard about the death of Frantois Truffaut, the French motion  a picture director, on the radio.  I had planned to go and see his a last film.
My sister bkoke her leg.
I received the mid-term exam paper of one of my major subjects a and I found that I had failed it.
Not being accepted by classmates in university.
When out of work.
I had to leave my girlfriend for 4 weeks because of my studies. a This happens frequently. The last 24 hours before my departure a are always very depressing.
[ Laziness makes one sad.]
When my grandfather was sick, and died I felt more sad, though, a when he was sick.
In May 18th, 1984 my boyfriend went to the U.S.A. In December I a was told he passed away. He had cancer of the Oesophagus.
My best friend had a relatively severe illness.  I was sad a because she was suffering.
In 1983, my results at the university entrance exam were very a poor - far from what I had expected.   I thought that I would not a be accepted at the university.
Loneliness, being uncertain of myself in the Autumn.
I was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident.
When I think that I will probably never have a genuine contact a with my parents.
When my boyfriend took me to his father's grave.
Finding out that we cannot have good references because China is a poor.
My friend has to go on field trips, he just told me.
Getting to know that my uncle in America had a brain tumor.
Marriage crises.  Boredom.
[ No response.]
[ No response.]
When I came to know that my grandmother had died.  She was very a close to me.
When I found out that I had failed to pass my exams during the a term by one point.  The fact that exactly the same thing had a happened last term did not help.
It was extremely sad to me when I heard that a patient who I was a taking care of in hospital had passed away. He had some abdominal a pains.
When my dad gives priority to my kid brother's band and his a other activities.  We both play in different bands and rehearse a in my parents garage.
The breaking up of a relationship.  We decided that the a relationship could not carry on, so it was no surprise to me. a And anyhow, I had known it would happen sooner or later.
My mother suffers from a mental illness.  One night she was not a feeling well and was sent to the hospital.  I was scared that a she would die, and all night I was very sad and did not dare to a close my eyes.
Finding out I am not chosen for the English lectures.
My boyfriend didn't turn up after promising that he was coming.
When I came to know that a girl I was fond of already had a a boyfriend.
When I see children on T.V from areas devastated by drought and a war.
The loss of the woman who loved me most till today.
When my grandfather died I was extremely sad.  However my family a members did not have any special feelings, they said that he was a already 80 years old.
One of my best friends was hurt by a girl he loves.
When my daughter had problems with her friends and I could see a her predicament from the window.  She was given a the cold a shoulder.
Not succeeding in a cross-country skiing competition, which I a intended to win.
A colleague's 17 year old daughter is seriously ill with cancer a and has only a year to live.  I  heard about it 6 weeks ago.
When my girlfriend left me.
I felt very sad when I had to give up something that by right was a mine and although I didn't get it, a kind of suvenir that people a don't give you the right to have.
When I was in primary 6, my father died.  I was very young then a and did not know what had happened.  The weeping of my relatives a and my tears made me sad.
I realized that the girl I loved had to leave me.
Treatment to become pregnant with a negative result.
Cooks refused to give me food.
The thought of having to read a boring book of 400 pages in a English.
I had a very short term romance during the summer vacations.  When a we first met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met a a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart, I felt very a sad then.
Hearing about developments of sience in the West a lot better a than China.
In my penultimate job I was responsible of a sections with a several employers, after several years of dedication I was a dismissed by a new chef, saying that I was incompetent.
I heard that a former superior of mine had died, I was later at a home home reading about it in the newspaper and I thought of our a interaction and how it was no longer possible.  The limited scope a of human life is sad.
When I first heard that Tage Dannielsson had died.
Last night I did not do very well in one of the subjects.  Before a the result was announced I feared that I would fail.  Finally I a got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all      a good I felt a little sad.
My grandfather died. He lived almost as a recluse not caring for a himself as well as he should - Dad and we all helped as much as a we could, but it didn't save him from himself. It was an a unexpected death. His second de facto wife was lucky she wasn't a jailed.
Father lost his temper at home because he was mistreated at work.
When my aunt, whom I had loved very much, died. When I heard a about her death, I was not as touched as at the funeral. I really a became conscious of her death at that moment.
A friend of mine called me when I was not at home.  I phoned her a back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled a the wrong number.
When one is alone and knows that all the others are celebrating.
When my aunt died.
When my father was ill.
Sometimes, when I'm alone I am seized by this feeling. But it a always helps me to come round and at the same time to judge if it a is worth. Very often this feeling is caused to me by people - a friends who I love and respect.
When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for three a years.
Summer, heavy rain, storm - I was standing with my face stick to a the window: the childhood, something was going away forever this a summer, I was leaving my home, I was going to study in another a town, for the first time I was leaving my parents, friends, I had a to manage myself, a long and loved period of my life was over - I a was crying.
My best friend got married and left her home-town to go and live a in Poona.  After her wedding I felt sad.
When the man I loved decided to leave me forever.
The death of a friend.
[ When family mmembers or friends blame me for something I am not a responsible for.  I feel very sad as it was not my fault.]
I felt sadness when I remembered my former boyfriend with whom I a got separated an year ago and when comparing him with my present a one with whom things are not much of a success.
The thought that I'll never sit at the school desk again, caused a a deep grief at the end of my eleventh form.
My friend got married and went abroad, this made me feel sad and a lonely.
My son lives with my parents in the country and I feel this a feeling always when leaving for Sofia, but the last time it was a quite strong.
[ When friends and colleagues talk bad about me.]
When my sister died in a fire accident at home.
When I left a man in whom I really believed.
When I had an argument with a friend.
When I missed my train this morning, I felt sad for some time.
At an unjust insult or injure.
I was to meet a girl in a discotheque.  She was very pretty and I a was very happy.  But she did not turn up.  Thank God, there were a some other friends there and I was able to have a more or less a good time.
When I am alone and listen to a song which I like very much and a which I had listened before together with friends.
Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very a controversial topic.  At one point of the argument I disagreed a with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult.  So a I couter-argued and unknowingly hurt her emotionally, I felt very a sad about this.
At the death of my friend's father and especially as this a happened ten days before her wedding.
[ When someone tells me something that hurts me, I feel bad about a it and also feel sad.]
When my parents got divorced.
When I learned that my dad had cancer. I knew he was going to the a hospital for some tests. My mom told me when she picked me up one a weekend from CAL to take me home.
Sometimes I experience sadness for the Sports High School and for a my unrealized dreams in the sport. Anyway there I spent six years a of my life.
I did not do as well as I expected on a chemistry exam. I a received a score below the average and I thought I had done very a well.
Guy I cared for went back to Canada to live.
When my elder sister died.
My brother in law was dying of cancer. To see him wasting away a was very sad.
When I learned that two of my friends had had a serious car accident.
When my husband lied to me, tricked me and when I had to leave my a home.
A boy I look after for the probation service deliberately a offended to provoke a reaction from the police.
I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I a realized that we would never watch sunsets again, probaly never a see eachother again and none of it mattered.
When I failed two subjects last year.
When I learned that a friend of mine had not been speaking to her a boyfriend for a week after an argument because of unfounded a jealousy.
Two years ago my best friend died in an accident, just a day a before my birthray.  We were very close to each other and I felt a very sad at loosing a close friend.
After the loss of a close relative.
When, for example, I left for the first time my parents and I a went to live in Sofia.
I last really felt sad when I left home for I was leaving all my a long time, pre-kindergarten relationships behind.
When I see people with burns I feel sad, actually I can not even a express my feelings as I think that they must suffer a lot.
Recently I happened to remain alone for a long time.
When I heard the last regulation of the socialist govrenment a concerning pensions.
Feeling unable to preserve one's ideas and ambitions as innocent a as they are when you are young.
When my mother scolded me for something, very insignificant, without a knowing the real cause of what had happened.
Getting separated from my girlfriend.
When I took the B.A exams,I was expecting a 1st class even though a I had not done very well. When the results came out I felt sad as a I had missed the 1st class by 12 marks.
When I saw the pictures of the draught in Etiopia.
When my basket ball team lost the qualification at a final.
I was driving near my girlfriend's house and I decided to keep a going because it was late and I would be back in the next few a days anyway. The next day she was killed in a road accident.
When a close friend drowned in the American River.
When my dog was stolen.
When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made a clear that he didn't want to continue in the same way. He choose a his girlfriend (also a friend of mine).
When I got to know that my father had passed away.
When I failed at the first entrance exam.
After my little sister's Graduation from High School my a grandmother became very sick. She passed away a few months later.
Sadness - this is an emotion which I have felt very often a recently. I can't remember a concrete example. I will describe my a general impression from severl situations which evoked this a feeling in me.
We had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing (an a injection).
Death of my father.
For the girl who halped me go on living and made me happy - when a I don't see her even for two or three days.
When I heard the news that my brother had passed away.  It was a the first time that I lost a brother.
[ I feel sad when somebody is unjust to me.]
Recently I felt very sad without any reason. It lasted for a few a days. There was nothing I liked in that period.
It happened that I was alone - with no contacts with friends.
The loss of a person I loved very much.
I felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide.
I remember being sad whe my aunt's child died (2 days old).
I felt sad when my first boyfriend and I left each other. It was neither a his fault nor mine.
Since I moved into the dorms and I've been spending most of my a free time with my boyfriend. I hardly see my old high school a friends. I had several bad incidents with my 2 past best friends.
I felt very lonely, was very dissatisfied with myself when I a realised that I could feel very jealous of other women because a of my boyfriend.
Years ago I fell in love for the first time. as natural for every a school-girl I was day-dreaming. Later (after 3 years) we left a each other. No one was to blame but I felt deep sadness. Even now a I remember about it quite often.
I felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time.
When I realized that it did not make much sense to start a a relationship with a girl who was not very constructive to a establish a firm relationship.
My boyfriend is a soldier. He was on a leave. I felt sad when we a had to get separated again.
When my boyfriend was changing his behavior there was something a wrong, I felt sad, because it's desagreable when a relationship a is ending.
Sadness, no, I felt something much stronger when my father died.
When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not a reciprocated.
My grandmother died.
A close friend of mine was to get married in a weeks time when a her father died of a heart-attack.  I knew him well and felt bad a on hearing of his death.
Some months ago my wife gave birth to twin sisters. She had no a idea of looking after babies and she felt quite oppressed. The a fact that I couldn't help her caused grief to me.
When I failed the entrance exam to IMEC.
I tried my level best to care for my client, I took an a appointment with a doctor and before meeting the doctor he a expired - a poor small boy from Uttar Pradesh.
[ When my elders do not understand me in the right way.]
From the fact that my husband and I are not in good terms.
I finished the relationship with my boyfriend, after having felt a myself very unhappy for a long time.
I was very sad when I could not take the M.A (I) exams due to a illness, and a relative of mine disheartened me about it.
At an irrevocable loss (with respect to human relations).
When my brother's visa for the U.S.A got cancelled.
After blowing up and saying all the wrong things, I realized what a I had done and hurt that person and myself.
I had a good relationship with two friends. Once without reason, a they clearly showed that they thought I was naive, dull and a unable to take care for myself, while I expostulated that I could a manage things.
My dear hamster (called Hannes) died at the age of 2 and 1/2 years. a His shape forced me to mercy killing (an injection).
My son lives in the country. I feel sadness when I see mothers a having walks with their children.
When I received the news that my beloved grandmother had died.  I a was at the boarding school and was only 13 years old.
Alone I am coming back home in the night after the serial a "explanation".
My mother unjustly became very angry with me and sent me to my a room while my father explained that the way she saw things was a not correct. I had done things with the best intentions.
When my sister left home to go and live with her husband.
I lost a close friend.
One night I was called and told that the father of a close friend a died. When I visited my friend at home and when attending the a funeral I felt very sad.
When a close friend of mine who was with me in first year could a not make it to the second year.
When I heard my sister got in a bad car accident.
When I feel I must be with somebody, to talk with somebody - but a I am alone.
We are several friends but our characters are very different and a we inevitably split in the two extremes. It is sad that I myself a don't know what to do, I try not to hurt either of the "parties" a because there are conflicts to which one I should belong.
At a prolonged separation with my family.
When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was living, it was a about another boy with whom she had been going around some time back.
I am filled with gloom and sadness at the death of a person.  a More specifically, I felt sad after hearing the news of a a death of a person who was hale and hearty and full of life, witha vigour and plans for the next day but had no next day to cherish it.
One of the greatest sadness was when my grandfather died, because a I loved him very much.
When I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands.
When I heard the news of my grandfather's sudden death.
For not having succeded in getting the job as a translator that I a wanted.
The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness a as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of a hope on the Indian horizon.
After a disagreement between my parents, when I was alone with my a father and my sister, the aggression continued, when my father a tried to put me and my sister against my mother revealing facts a that had happened in the past like a talk between my father and a his mother in law where she told him that my mother was not quite a save.
My mother was working with a knife and we were all laughing a heartily.  She was not able to control the knife and stuck it a deep into her hand.
When I was in Bombay one of my good friends was getting married a and he had not informed me about it, this made me sad.
I was watching television. It was about midnight when a very dear a friend called saying that his father had died in an accident.
I feel sadness from the fact that I was not born with a better a appearance.
When I thought for an instant that a very good relationship with a a person had finished.
When my grandmother died.
My close friend and I applied to TISS for admission last year, a unfortunately he failed to get admission.  We had done our graduation a together and are quite involved with each other, so we had wanted a to do our Masters degree together.  However, it did not work out a as we had expected it to and this saddened me.
In a social situation I became interested in a woman. We talked, a we laughed, we enjoyed each other. She desappeared for a few a minutes, and a little after appeared with an other man.
When someone in my family died.
When my beloved girlfriend got married to another person.
When I felt lack of aid from close friends.
When my grandfather died.
I didn't get the job I wanted.
When India lost the Benson and Hedges cricket trophy.
When I got separated from the woman I loved.
The disqualification of two of my mates in the military service.
All my friends arranged to go for an afternoon snack and they did a not tell me.  They told me that they did not have my phone number a but I do not think that this was true.
When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a a school of my choice.
I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to a cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a a long time.
When I had to come back from my village last Christmas.
When my mum's brother passed away after having been involved in a a car accident.   He was bringing me a present as I had passed my a form five exams with flying colours.
[ When I feel that I have made a mistake.]
When I felt alone and without love.
When I noticed that I do many things to the pregiudice of myself.
A few months a close relative of mine died.  I had never expected a this to happen and was sad for a few months.
[ During a summer holiday a French girl and I had becoe back a home, I felt very sad.]
When my dog died.
I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have a been writing to each other for a long time.  The last time I went a to her city, just to see her, I was disappointed to see how great a the distance between us was.
My sister lost one of her twin sons (my first nephews) and then a the older one died a week later.
When I received the S.Y.J.C results, the marks I obtained were a not up to my expectations and I missed admission in engineering.
When a friend of mine told me that he was going to commit a suicide.
The day that the results of the college entrance examinations for a the S. Paulo University were published and I didn't find my name a on the list. Entering this University was my greatest wish, and  a the fact of not having succeded caused a great frustration, and a not only sadness.
One day I heard from a friend that the boy I loved had gone out a with her and not with me.
The saddest moment in my life was when I lost my younger sister a a few years back.
I felt sadness when I notice that I'm not important for a a determinate person. We do many things for a friend, and we see a soon after, that he doesn't do anything for us, nor thinks of us.
My father resigned from work, and soon after this his elder brother a died.  The next day my granny died (my mother's mother).  My dad a remains the only living member of his family.
When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill.
I am always sad when my boyfriend goes away. He lives and studies a in an other city. We have gone steady for 2 and 1/2 years and a everything is going very well, but sometime this situation makes a me feel bad and very lonely.
I was in love with a girl but had to separate from her because of a different commitments concerning life and career.  I loved her as a a person but could not agree with the life the future would a demand.  Parting from her was very sad.
One night a very dear person said: "I hate you". Of course it was a an impulse and this person didn't feel that about me. The person a expressed regret, and everything was settled, but I can't forget.
When I saw the film "Johnny got his gun" which deals with the a consequences of the Vietnam war.
A break-up with someone I really liked.
The news of the natural calamity, an earthquake in which hundreds  a of Mexican people died.
The day I was to receive my gold-medal for the M.A, my a grandmother, who I loved very much, died after an illness.  She  a died a few hours before the convocation.  While I was a attending the convocation I had to control my grief as she would a not have liked me to miss it.  It was a day she had been waiting a for, but did not get to see.
My brother wanted me to buy a flute with him but I didn't accept a afterwards I regretted it because he became sad.
After having been ill, when I was coming back to the hostel, I a felt very sad leaving home.
When a class-mate died.
A sudden doubt made me run for a long time in a rainy autumn a night. When I reached the intended place I saw my beloved in a another man's arms. A sudden blow, grief, I cannot qualify it, it a is painful for me to remember about it.
When I got a message that my child was not feeling well.
When my sister lost her only son, who was sixteen years old.  I a felt very bad about it as this was the first death in my family a and then I learned slowly to understand to life.
When my dog died.
When I quarrelled with my boyfriend.
When I had stayed abroad for a long time and I had remembered a about my friends and relatives. I felt sad and I wanted to see a them as soon as possible.
When my mother left for Kenya.
The death of a relative, friend, or someone I esteem.
For the loss of a close friend or relative, but you feel grief a when you are away from home, too.
I phoned two friends and was not able to arrange a meeting with a either of them, so I had to change my plans.
I was sad at the expulsion of some of my comrades during the UNZA a demonstrations.
When my last relation broke up.
The loss of a very good friend.
When my grandmother died.
The same as for SHAME and DISGUST. I was asked to resign my a sorority which I did because I was ashamed.
I feel sad when I see things done against men and nothing could a stop it - at least I think so.
Three weeks ago a friend of mine bid me good-bye before going a abroad.  I felt happy for her as she was achieving something by a making the trip, but I also felt sad as I would not be seeing her a for a long time.
When my grandfather died.
A class-mate died after being two months in coma, after a car a accident.
I put in two years of hard work and it was neither looked at nor a appreciated.
My brother is a soldier. He promised to come home in a furlough a but in the last moment he phoned and said that he could not come.
[ Depressions.]
When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I don't know how a to.
I couldn't be with a girl on whom I was very keen.
On the last day of my school life I was very sad, specially on a the farewell party day.  I felt sad to leave behind my beloved a teachers and friends.
When someone I love told me that she did not love me anymore and a that she wanted all the snaps that she had given me in exchange a for the ones I had given her.
The sudden death of one of my parents.
Getting separated from my family for a week caused me a sense of a sadness.
I have once been very sad and lonely.  This was when I was trying a to organize a play as a student (15 years).  Instead of a materializing, it fizzled out.  The worst thing was that the play a fell apart completely and I found myself weeping uncontrollably.  a Now when I think of it, I laugh it off; but at that time it was a intense.
I feel sadness when I only imagine that I could lose a close a person. Some time ago I lost a man whom aI greatly respected.
A child, 9 years old, died in a stupid way.  He fell from a place a which was 1 metre high.
When I received the news that my in-laws had passed away.  I a depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of a their daughter's buisness.
When I left my boyfriend. I found another girl at his home but he a did nothing to relieve the situation.
When my mother was operated.
When my honest intentions were marred by another's jealousy.
I got separated form my closest friend. He went to work abroad.
When I had to leave home to go to some other place to study.
I saw a friend of mine who had suffered a very heavy contusion a after an accident.
My living and working conditions at home were unbearable. We used a to live in a three room flat together with two more families. The a discords caused a change - one of the families moved out. The a other family stayed with us but I drifted away from my fiancT. In a fact we were two families in the flat. Then I found myself alone a in the struggle for this life because my fiancT did not stay next a to me my grief and sorrow took on large proportions. I wanted to a commit suicide but instead I threw myself against the cause of a the irritation.
My elder sister whom I love very much was leaving for the          a West Indies for two years and I was staying behind.
When I couldn't find my dog which was missing.
When my parents did not let me go on a study tour.
When I heard the news of the death of my father.  It was in the a evening and I was alone all night in my room trying to remember a the face of my father.
A close friend decided to stop with his study and to go back a home.
When summer is over and I have to leave the town where I spend my a holidays.
A friend of mine who was driving a car ahead of me died in a a car accident.
I was really hoping that I would pass the examination, but I a failed and so I felt very sad.
The death of an animal we had reared.
When I learnt that my brother-in-law had been poisoned by his a friends and that he was dead.
When my first boyfriend left me. I tried not to let him a understand I felt miserable.
I had a quarrell with my boyfriend and decided to finish with him a and and my Easter holidays.
When I left my part-time job.
When my grandfather whom I had met only once for 3 weeks, died a after several months. I was really sad because he was a lovely a person and I did not have the means for his company.
When my grandmother passed away.
When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged - a although I was glad that he had found what he wanted, I was very a sad at my own personal loss, since I had always hoped we might a one day reconcile.
I suffer form a disease of my muscles. However, I cannot talk a about it and my feelings, the consequence with my parents. They a try to repress it.
When my grandfather died.
My roommate's sister committed suicide.
This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely a heart-rending at the time. My first lover (I was 15) just rang up a one day and announced that he had found another woman. I never a saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was a "TRUE LOVE" !!
I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for a it for a week. It had to be force-fed and carried in a fur pouch a under my jersey. My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said a they carried diseases.
When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and a probably would die. We had not expected this because he a was always very healthy. Fortunately he survived because we, in turn, a gave him medicines during the night.
When I found out that my girlfriend would not be coming back to a UCB for one semester, but would be living in San Jose.
During the funeral of my grandmother, when I saw my mother and a other family members crying.
My grandmother died over the summer. I knew her very well, she a baked great biscuits. She was in the hospital but expected to a improve and go home soon. She died in her sleep.
When I caused much pain and sorrow to my boyfriend by finishing a our relationship.
My father recently having a heart attack - spending a few months a in hospital.
A close friend of the family died.
Caused a family disturbance.
My father suddenly fell ill. He stayed for 3 months in the a hospital: the last month on intensive care of the Academic a Hospital, then he died.
Social situation - at the pub - a close friend of 2 years told a the group around us of advances I had made.
I like someone who does not like me and was rude to me.
My friend who was in the Bago was kicked out of the sorority.
When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with a my father.  As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her.
When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusive, a but they were a close friend and I later regretted it.
When grandfather died.
My younger brother and sister were involved in an accident on a their way back from school and my brother was quite badly hurt.
At one point in a relationship, my boyfriend was seeing an old a flame more than me. At our confrontation tears were shed.
At the death of my husband's father's mother which occurred a during university examinations and therefore I was unable to a attend her funeral.
The dying of a close member of the family.
When my mother was very sick and almost died.
On rising. No apparent reason.
A friend of mine got pregnant anf failed the first year at a university.  The boyfriend refused his responsibility and they a ended up in court.
My fiancT left me for my best friend.
When my uncle died of leukemia at age 35.
This monday I took a Math 1BS test and flunked for the second a time.
My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests. She spent a time in hospital being opened and closed many times.
When I failed the grade seven examination.
When I first suffered from syphilis.
I wanted something in particular and did not get it, also there a was no possibility of getting it.
At the end of my senior yr. in high school I found out that a a friend of mine I knew had cancer had been diagnosed as terminally a ill.
When a close relative of mine passed away, it was the first time a that someone so close to me had died.
Close friend leave to go overseas for an indefinite period. a Farewell scene at airport.
Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship. By this a I lost an important source of support, certainty and joyful a moments. I cried very intensly when that happened.
You ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back.
I spent a weekend in San Diego visiting my boyfriend Rob. We were a at the airport and my plane was just about so leave. After saying a goodbye, I boarded the plane. It was the hardest thing to do and a it was a sad trip home.
[ The same as in guilt.]
The day I left my first girlfriend.
My boyfriend with whom I had a longlasting relationship, fell in a love with another girl, then he asked me something which implied a that he loved that girl more than he loved me.
Hearing of the death of a friend who had been skiing.
Losing my job that I had for 4 summers. I took it personally and a cried for 6 hours off and on. I wanted to hide away and did for a a few days.
A child beaten up by his mother.
I felt very sad when my boyfriend wanted to break our a relationship. Our relationship lasted two years, we shared a everything and all this was finished.
When my dog died.  I had reared it for nearly three years.  It a had been ill for several days and had not eaten anything.  One a morning I found it dead.
When my grandmother after staying with us for awhile went back a home.
My mother was stuck by an apoplectic fit, was hemi-paralyzed and a suffered an aphasia.
A father of 4 children killed in an accident.
I partly colored my hair black. My mother didn't like it and a reproached me to be a "subversive element". Later on she stated a that this was due to my friends. As I see it, this all resulted a from colouring my hair.
My sister was in coma for 3 months (due to a train accident). Now a her brainfunctions are disturbed. She will never be able to walk a and she can hardly talk.
After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR.
When my grandmother died, her life was heavy and her last hours a were terrible.
When my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend a of mine.
I had to leave Den Helder and all friends and acquaintences, a after having spend two weeks there with my friends.
China can not even give you good sound systems for an open a lecture.
Death of a pet rabbit. We had to give it away because my brother a became allergic to it. We gave it to a man who kept animals and a lots of other animals for children to watch. We went to visit our a rabbit. It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually a died.
When I was a Sr. in HS. one of the class counselors died of a hepatitis. She was very sensitive. She knew my shyness and drew a me out to improve myself image. I missed her funeral - so I could a not publically grieve. My parents didn't understand.
When a very close friend of mine went into hospital for a major a operation and I couldn't see her for a while as I was not a a relative she had no relatives in N.Z.
Could not get into the university I wanted to get in.
A younger brother of a good friend of mine died (asthma).
When I found out that I could not go to the concert (after buying a the tickets) because of a biology test which occurred the morning a after.
At the beginning of the year I moved to a new city - I felt sad a as I had to leave many friends and family members behind.
At my grandfather's funeral - My grandparents virtually raised me a as my mother was a solo-parent and had to work.
Watching a football game. This remindes me of the time when my a father was still alive and when we watched football games on TV a together.
My best friend could not get into university.
When I heard the news that my grandfather had died.
When I was told a friend's baby had been born with only partial a sight. This was her first child and she was not young (the mother a that is).
The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance. Sadness a was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness (I also a experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt).
When my grandmother died. She stayed with us until I had the age a of 10. When she died I was 13 and I remember the moment after the a funeral: I sat on the table and cried.
Tonight in bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my a friend was.
I was together with my family one night, a few days after my a father had died, during that conversation I expressed my a displeasure because nobody understands me.
Saying goodbye to a friend.
When the relationship with my girlfriend broke up.
My grandmother died during Christmas break several years ago.
It was a complex situation concerning a relationship with a a boyfriend, I had broken the relationship for some reasons. a Meanwhile, as I felt it, I had most sorrow.
When a close friend took leave of me, because she went to Israel a for one year.
My boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship.
When a friend died.
When I was trying for a girl who I really liked and cared for and a thought she felt the same way too. But she didn't like the idea a and just wanted to stay friends.
I was very sad when my first boyfriend finished our relationship.
Enrolling at varsity, being told I couldn't get in to certain a papers.
When a friend, after being free of drugs for half a year, started a using them again.a
When I heard that my father had been involved in a car accident a in Lusaka.  This happened when he had gone to get the car which a had been stolen in Lusaka.
When my first girlfriend an I left each other.
When my best friend got a boyfriend. Because of this a a relationship of ten years was finished abruptely.
One of my relatives became seriously ill. I felt sad because I a didn't know if she will ever be the same again.
When I got separated from my first love.
When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all a of us, all by herself.
The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident. She was a of my own age, there were many of my own friends present, as well a as her family etc.
I ran a race for the CAL track team and I did terribly and then a the coach said that I should sit out for the season. I felt a really sad because I wasn't going to be able to run. It was a something I always had done and now I couldn't do it anymore.
My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I didn't a succeed a years-course.
Felt sad about some street kids in QUEII square, Aotea square. a Because they had been sniffing glue and some were very young. I a went into the role of a performing clown.
A very close friend of mine died. I read it in the newspaper. I a didn't know what to do and thought about it the whole day.
When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial (from Eng.) attacked a me verbally about my chosen partner. A man whom he discarded a because his colour skin was not white. His ultimate disgust a saddned me.
I had this feeling when my parents distroyed a relationship with a a boy because they thought he was bad and irresponsible.
I received a letter from my grandmother. She has obviusly a suffered a lot from my grandfather's suffering health. She a mentioned things she had gotten him and he would never use.
My dog of 16 and 1/2 years - "Lord Grey" died in his sleep - His a death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought.
The death of my mother-in-law after a long sick-bed. at the a moment of dying I was with her.
When my grandmother died - having to see my mother weep.
When my grandmother died very suddenly without warning.
My grandfather died thirteen years ago.
I had been living in an overseas city and made the decision to a leave the city and come home about 12 months before I met a whole a new set of friends, leaving them at the airport was sad and a traumatic as they had helped me in many ways and I knew I a wouldn't see many of them again.
When my grandmother, who has been living with us for 14 years, a had a stroke and was left paralysed on one side. She has been a quite close to our family and to see her suffer in this way makes a me feel really sad.
When someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I a was unable to see this person because of the situation.
It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was a going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house.
There is a boy who I love very much. I asked him to have dinner a with me, but he refused I don't know why he didn't go with me, a but I felt very lonely.
When my girlfriend decided to finish our relation.
This feeling was quite deep when my friend (girl) died in a car a accident.
When my girl went away for a holiday without saying good-bye to a me.
Recent break-up with my girlfriend. We had been together for over a a year. I was overseas and discovered over the phone (while I was a at work).
The loss of a close relative who was ill with cancer.
I had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I didn't a pay her a visit when she expected me to come. Hereafter I was a very sad because it became a real quarrel.
When you are far away from relatives and friends. I feel sad for a my early years, for the freedom and the carefree years of a childhood.
When I heard my grandfather's wife had leukemia I was very sad.
When I noticed that my parents were not in such a prosperity as a most people in my surroundings.
When I part with my friends I feel always sad for some time. I a can't remember a concrete example now. For example I have just a parted with a friend of mine and I am feeling sad.
When my girlfriend was afraid and anxious the day before taking a her exam.
After my father's death.
When I quarrelled with a very close friend of mine.
I was going to go on a vacation to Texas this summer but was a unable to go because of registration.
When my mother and father were on an excursion in Chechoslovakia a and I was at a student camp and I heard over the radio about the a events that were taking place there.
When I went to see the dead body of my uncle.  This was a very a dramatic expreience as it was the first time that I entered a a mortuary.
I felt sad when a friend of mine died and I felt that something a had irrevocably gone away from me.
My nephew's mother just left one day (my brother and she were a not married). My nephew, Anthony, was shaken. I was sad for him a because a similar situation happened to me.
When my gradmother died.  I felt very sad then ... The feeling a started to be worse after a while.
Always when I get separated from my friends and relatives from my a home town.
When I realized that I was in hospital after a car accident and a that I had a scleral tear in my left eye.
So as to be closer to the university I have left home and moved a into Auckland. It now seems as if I have left home - especially a my family - forever.
My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not a care for the dog, Afthur, he bought for the family. His lack of a concern lead tho Arthur's death on the freeway. I loved Arthur a like a brother. He was easy to talk to.
An uncle of mine who just retired, having worked hard all his a life, got a cerebral hemorrhage.
My cat was sick and I had to take him to the vet to be put down - a no one else there to do it.
I asked a girl out on a date and she said no.
When a close friend of mine collapsed and passed away and the a illness was not known.
My girlfriend let me down badly 3 times in one week. These a instances summed up all the negative aspects of our relationship a which at the time seemed doomed to fail.
Losing a boyfriend for the second time to my friend. He fell in a love with her. The same thing happened a few months earlier with a another boyfriend.
Leaving high school.
Departure of a very close friend - for a long stay overseas, a sharing in the sorrow of her parents who were left behind.
Listening and watching a tape of someone with AIDS being a prejudiced against at a counselling course on AIDS with 20 a others.
When my mother was proved to suffer from a very serious disease.
When my grandfather died.
Losing a pet chick. Our family had just put the chick outside a a few days before and then one morning it was gone.
Death of brother.
Finding out that my grandfather had died. He lived in England and a I had not seen him for 10 years.
My paternal grandmother had died. We weren't close but she was a blood. I didn't cry but I was sad, partly due to her death and a partly I think, due to the fact that I couldn't/didn't cry.
When my brother (5th in the family) passed away.
When another fellow worker decided to leave the company. We had a been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother a any longer.
When my mother died.
I felt sad with the two situations I described before. The cat a and the school. Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings.
Disappointed love. The girl made an end to our relationship while a I thought she was in love with me.
When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore (which a turned out to be untrue).
I had to terminate a training because I wasn't suited for it. I a was very sad about this, because I very much wanted to finish a that training.
Hearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach a pumped because he had overdosed on pills.
My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying a psychology in Nijegen, because then we would not be able to meet a frequently anymore.
A good friend of mine died. During the funeral I felt an intense a feeling of sadness.
When my father passed away.
My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt. of time. a She said that she couldn't commit herself fully to the a relationship without going out with other people. I was her first a boyfriend.
When my sister (really my niece) died of cancer at the age of 2 a yrs after I took her to the doctor at the age of 1 and he a diagnosed it.
When the mother of a good friend of mine died.
This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our a relationship due to some circumstances between her and her a family. I was really sad, hurt and couldn't really find any a reason why am I still living. Is this life is all about ? This a was one of few question which crept up vividly every time I a thought about what had happened.
I felt sadness when my grandfather died.
When boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself.
When my grandmother passed away.
The end of a relationship (after 4 years) by doing this I hurt a the other person very much.
Day time robbery of our house.
When my father had a cerebral hemorrhage.
After my father died suddenly of a heart attack.
When my flute-teacher was replaced by a new one.
When my beloved uncle was shot dead by relatives.
When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done a well.
The saddest I've ever been was when my lover was killed, a hitch-hiking to work.
When I finished a relation after four years, leading to much a sorrow for the other one and myself ("although it was the best a solution").
Sitting in a bus, I heard behind, the voice of a girl I was a friendly with. After her talking for some time with another girl a I decided it wasn't her in fact that someone miming her, which it a was when I finally looked. I was talking to a friend at the time.
We got news that my (almost) 21 years old brother died while a visiting Europe of a cerebral hemorhage. It finally hit me an a hour after we saw his corpse in the coffin. It felt like a door a between himself and everything had closed and locked forever.
My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together a few a months ago. This made me very sad.
When my grandmother died - I wasn't sad so much that she'd died a because she was old, but because she lived in the last few years a in an old people's home and had nothing very much that was hers - a no chair, or private space, and when I went to visit she would be a sitting in the "lliving" room the TV room. It was hopeless. And I a felt awkward so I didn't go and I was sad 'cos how I couldn't.
When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal a feelings and then days later changed her mind.
When my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his a younger brother.
I felt sadness when I had to get separated from the woman I loved a who had to leave for her motherland.
My father died. I was away at the time and did not know until two a days after.
I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not a have the money to do it.
When I got separated from the man I loved so much.
As a child - having a dog - it getting a disease and dying.
Watching "11 am". They had a programme on the starving refugees. a Their plight was a source of sadness for me.
I felt alone among a large number of people.  I was sad to see a that nobody cared about what was happening to me.
When I was ditched by my girlfriend.
Having to decide on a termination of a pregnancy, after a discussing it with friends, family and the man involved.
I was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away.
I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead a mother and was calling her by her name.  I was sad.
Upon moving away from home for the first time to a different a city, I felt no longer "under the wing" of my parents even though a they would always be there to help me. I felt a sense of loss, I a was now all alone in the world, responsible for my own actions.
When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining a engineering, after having prayed one week in the church I was a not even selected.
I was very sad when I did not get admission in the English a college, as I had 1% less marks than they wanted.
The death of my twin sister - suicide.
A very close friend from Victoria visited me over the holidays. a Having enjoyed his company immensely over 10 short days, I was a overwhelmed by sadness when he left to return to Victoria.a
When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did a not know what would happen.
After studying a lot for my H.S.C exams, I could not make it to a the medical stream and I felt sad about this.
I was alone in my parents' house, having made plans to spend the a afternoon with a lover (plans which the lover cancelled), a watching a movie and considering my life and circumstances - a pressures of examinations in particular.
Unrealisation of the desired profession (aviator).
When I applied for the college entrance examination to FUVEST, a and I wasn't approved in the second fase.
My mother died of cancer after a 4 year illness - I think the a most pregnant moment of sadness was the next morning, just as the a sun rose.
The person whom I liked most left me for a friend of mine, after a several months of mutual help and a profound knowledge of each a other.
[ I missed my twin when I was on the verge of being thrown, which a I disliked.]
I was alone at home on New Year's Eve.
When I left my sister's house after staying there for a few days. a She has two little boys, and they are very warm people (the a family). At the time, I was in need of this sort of contact, and a I grew very fond of children (no, I'm not a paedophiliac).
The time I lost a badminton match, that I should have won at the a Zambia closed badminton championships.
When I was at school.
I slept in a tent at the Barracks which caught fire at night and a my best possessions got burnt in there.
Girl I was fond of did not initiate conversation as I expected in a tutorial.
When my father passed away.
[ No response.]
The day I woke up to find that a kitten I had wanted to keep had a been eaten by the neighbour's dogs.  It had been locked out by my a wife who claimed that it had dirtied the sheets.
Death of paternal grandmother to whom I was very close - died of a cancer.
Death of grandfather (unexpected).
A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as a having typhoid, he had to forgo his exams and also his ambition a of doing a dissertation at the M.A level.  It was a very sad a event for me and I felt very sorry for him so I volunteered to a stay with him in the hospital.
When my mother and father separated (it was a brief separation a and they are together now).
I was very sad  when I got the XIIth standard results, when I got a low marks as compared to my friend and I could not get admission a to courses like medicine.
When I heard that my father had passed away.
My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and a cousins.  She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I a cried myself to sleep.
When my grandmother died.
I failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a a lot for it.
Some colleagues decided to go out on a Saturday not inviting me a to decide either the place nor the time.
When my dad passed away.
My sister was in a hospital, later in the evening we received the a information that she had died.
When my son was diagnosed as having CEREBRAL PALSY, at age 5. He a would have to endure so much labelling, stigma and discrimination, a even though his case was relatively mild.
Death of a parent.
I was told that a friend of mine was going to Mexico for good.
I felt sad when I was despised by another person.
The loss of my mother.
Lost a friend.
I couldn't sleep, and began to remind of my childhood. We are many a sisters and at that time we were spanked a lot and I don't know a why I started to remind of the spanks they and I had had, their a shouts when this happened.
A girlfriend ended our relationship in an abrupt and unexpected a manner.
When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie. I was really sad and a up to this moment my sadness is still on.
When I failed one of my courses at school - the university of a Zambia.
I received a letter from some friends, who do not live in Madrid, a telling me that they would not come on holiday.  I had arranged a everythiing for them.
At my grandfather's funeral.  I remembered that the thing he a liked and respected most was earth, I thought that he had a attained what he wanted and was not separated from it any longer.
A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm.  All his a things had been taken, His dad had died a little before this a event.  He gathhered his children and vowed to give them a good a life with a new start - the words were hollow, he bit back his a tears .....I asked to be excused and then went and cried in the a loo.
When a friend of mine died in a hiking accident.  I was not a present there and only got the news later.
The holidays come to an end, and the next day we had to go back a to University and to the exams.
My mother left my father for his best friend, and he moved to a Papua New Guinea. Despite the fact that I am closer to my father a than to anyone else in my family, I had to move in with my a mother, and say good-bye to my father, not knowing when I would a see him again.
It was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for a two years for a reason I don't know up to now.
When I failed a test at my primary school.  I was then in grade 7 a and we were about to take the main exam.
I lost my grandfather whom I loved very much.  I had not known a that he had been ill for a very time, when I received this a message he was already dead.
Leaving Melbourne to move interstate - leaving relatives and a friends behind.
When my first love was not successful.
While walking through an old mining area, I unwittingly disturbed a a wallaby which, in its resultant flight, accidentally fell down a a deep mine shaft. On investigation it seemed uninjured, but it a was impossible for the wallaby to get out, and also for me to get a it out of the shaft. To prevent its suffering a slow death, I a shot it.
A friend of mine is having psychiatric problems because of his a mother's death ages ago. He is really quiet and because it a relates back to his childhood I feel sadness for him. He doesn't a lead a normal life and it just seems unfair.
When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another a person, I felt very sad.  That day I did not eat anything and a kept thinking of her all day long.
When my parents and sister went on a trip and I was separated a from them for about three months.
When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home.  He fell a ill at night and the next day he died in the evening.
When my family heard that my Mother's cousin who lives in a England wrote us to tell that he had cancer of the lymph glands.
I was away to school (Primary). In my abscence my young brother a at home got sick suddenly. My parents took him to hospital. On a the way he died. It came to me as a sad, sudden and shocking a news and I felt very sad.
It was at the time of my M.Sc exam, when I was not in a position a to take the exam after having studied seriously.
When I found out that a person I went to school with had died in a a car accident.
I don't know why suddenly I thought that what I was feeling for a my boyfriend was not really love. After almost three years being a together, this matter of fact shaked me and I felt a great sorrow a that I can call sadness.
I dreamt of my father's death while I was at secondary school.  I a was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my a friend.  That day I was really sad.
Leaving home to move closer to University. As an oldest child, a this experience was traumatic for both my parents and myself.
When I was told that my uncle had passed away.
When my friend (girl) went abroad for two years.
When my little brother passed away mysteriously, at least from a what I was told about it.
When the neighbour of a friend of mine was stabbed to death by a thieves in Kabwe.  They stole his van.
When my mother died in August 1978.
At our Senior dinner - separated from school friends, nothing a will ever be the same again.
When I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill.
The sadness came to me when I heard that my girlfriend whom I a loved so much got married to another man before a rebuff from a her.
Thinking about friends overseas.
After training for an Australian championship competition for a a year and then injuring myself 2 weeks before the competiotion.
When I was told that my father had passed away.
When my cousin passed away unexpectedly and tragically (a a murder).
When my father passed away of cancer, I was extremely saddened. a He was not very old, which made matters worse. The actual death a was horrendous, but the moving funeral saddened me more so.
When I was about to write my Junior Certificate Exams, I received a sad news telling me that my elder sister had passed away.
Looking up end-of-semester results, and finding I'd failed three a out of seven (subjects).
I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was double-crossing me a with the boy who is my best friend.
The day my teacher of Latin and French died.
When I got divorced from my husband after ten years of marriage.
When my grandfather died.
When my father died.
At end of school - function to "celebrate" ? Leaving friends who a I'd known for up to 12 years.
I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very a young.
When I learnt of the death of a friend.
My father died last year after an 8-week severe illness.
1976, Soweto uprising in South Africa and the racist Gout's a reaction to the students demands concerning the educational a system.
When my girlfriend's nephew passed away.
I had been caught red-handed having stolen some paw-paw. I was a then taken the elders owning the paw-paws.
Passing away of my father.
Shifted from Melbourne to Brisbane. All my old school friends a gave me a party and I had to say good-bye to them all.
When I lost my father in a car accident.
I experienced this emotion when my friend committed suicide after a we had spent the afternoon playing and discussing life and it's a problems.
When I left all my friends at school (break up) knowing we would a probably all go our separate ways, and none see one another for a a long time.
I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I a was within the row of students who were making noise.
When I was not selected to go to the University of Malawi I felt a very sad.
I was terribly upset when my kitten got hit by a car. He didn't a die, but for several weeks we thought he might have to be put a down.
When I received a message that my brother was seriously ill and a was in hospital.
I broke up with my boyfriend of seven months, but it was a very a "indepth" relationship and so after feelings of grief and loss a were over I felt an immense sadness.
When I lost my father on the 25th of September,1970.  He died of a a sore on the leg.
I remember that when my mother died the day was sad and every a time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother.
A friend of mine could not make it back to Unza after having a failed the exams.
When I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had a failed.
At the funeral of a friend about 20 years old, who was killed in a a hit-and-run motorcycle accident.
I felt it when I was at home and saw a discussion without sense a between my parents.
The death of my grandfather.
Death of grandmother.
When one of my closest friends died unexpectantly.
When one of my best friends commited siucide during these a holidays.
It was last September when I felt very sad. It was when I heard a that I was not selected to study in the University of Malawi.
I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school a due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply didn't know a what he had to do.
When my team lost a championship.
At rejection / being ignored by a loved person held in great a esteem.
I got separated from the man I loved.
When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died.  I felt empty, a lonely, helpless, without support, not knowing what to do.
When my grandmother passed away.
It was when I failed standard 8 exams while all my friends a passed and went to secondary school. In class I was always a getting more marks than they did.
This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was a planning to go and visit him during the next holidays.
When a friend, who has been with me at school, failed to make it a to UNZA.
Close relative is dying of cancer - found out last week.
To say goodbye to dear friends after the holidays.
I was so sad when I heard that my Uncle had passed away. He was a the only man who was supporting my parents as well as myself.
Leaving the house myself and a female friend had shared for 6-8 a months because of the friendship which developed and our approach a to each other in occasional instances of several personal crises.
When my grandfather died.
When felt lonely about writing my family.
I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who a taught me in Standard 8.
Death of the family dog.
The first time I left home.
A friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another a girl this Summer.  We had been going out together for four years a and we had not done so for the last three months.  I could not a believe it.
Moving to an unknown place, away from the familiar surroundings a and into a situation of loneliness.
To fight with a sister and to know that she doesn't care.
When my sister died, she was only sixteen when she was put to a rest.
When I came back from my holidays.
After the fact that made me ashamed I felt sadness.
The loss of my father as he died of a massive and sudden heart a attack.
It was in the evening when I heard that my girl went to Zambia a and that she would never come back.
When my friends died one after the other.  The first died in a a car accident and the second one recently, due to an illness.
I felt very sad when my son died after a short illness.
One day, I was home and there was a phone call informing me that a some of my relatives had died in an accident.
I was once nominated as an Officer Cadet in the Armed Forces and a my name was cancelled on the list of nominees of those who were a sent to Kenya for Training.
When my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away a instantly.  He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to a wait at his home so that I could see his new car.
My uncle died - I felt sad at the funeral.
One day I came across a certain boy who was intruding my a friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad a because I didn't expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her a as being very faithful.
That afternoon I received two messages informing me, one that my a brother was in a coma in the U.T.H suffering (kidney disease) and a two, that my uncle met with an accident on his way to the hospital a  to see my brother.
I never failed my examinations since Standard 1 but I experienced a sad moments when I sat for Standard 8 Examination and I was not a selected for Secondary School education in 1978.
When I deeply felt that I could lose the person I love best a because of my foolishness.
When I lost my grandmother.  She had been my guardian after the a death of my father.
When I heard of the death of my mother.
When I try to get closer at a person and she misinterpreted me.
I remember the day my father died. I was 11 years old and my a sadness was so great that until today I remember everything a about that day, from the clothes I was wearing to the reactions of people, a the despair of my mother and brother. It marked me a lot and was a the greatest sadness I felt.
A relative, whom I like very much, left for the United States.
I felt very sad when I was in Form three to notice that my friend a Barley Jumbe, had lost very expensive new sports short trousers.
When my uncle died.
The second time I went to the entrance exam to V.S.P. and a didn't get approved.
When my best friend died, at the age of 16.
I was sad when my MCE grades were out. I had gone for a football a match a mile away from home. The mail found me there. I was a disappointed and didn't play the other half of the match.
My dog, whom I had had for eleven years, died. I watched his a soporification.
When my father died.
It was on 9th January 1983 when I received a message from home a telling me that my father passed away on the previous day with a a history of cancer of the oesophagus. This time I was doing my a third year of my Secondary School.
When I am with a friend and we have to leave each other.
When my boyfriend did not turn up in time as he promised he would a be coming.
A friend of mine lent me his apartment for holidays and besides a this he was a fine person. Months later I knew that he died a tragically in a moto accident. He was very young, and I felt sad a and couldn't believe it (until today).
A friend died of cancer when he was 18 years old.
My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the  a family.  I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not a gone away when this brother was younger, things would have been a different.
My fiancT's family was adopting a 5 years old boy. I felt a myself close to him as I never felt before. After some time his a mother demanded the care of the kid and we were obliged to send a him back.
When I realized that I did not have the basic things needed by a a student like me.
A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no a attention.  She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest a in me.
I was going away, leaving a dear person behind.
Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long a with cancer of the Oesophagus.
During my holiday I met again a friend who had tried to commit a suicide. She had just left hospital, her lips were trembling, she a looked miserable.
When I was betrayed by a friend, and decided to stay apart form a her.
Last academic year I received bad news - my grand-uncle had a passed away.  I felt lonely and bad because apart from the         a biological ties, he was a good old friend of mine at home.
I was all of the sudden sad when I heard that my cousin who a usually paid school fees had passed away after a very short a illness.
I had failed some subjects in mathematics.
When I knew that a person that I liked very much didn't react the a way I would like to, even that I knew about his feelings for me.
Often a dog which is treated very badly by his owner comes to us.
Last year, when I took the college entrance examinations I a failed the FUVEST. It was for me the most frustrating situation a because I had studied all year long, and only thought about this.
When a close friend, residing in the hostel, lost his father I a really pittied him and the situation made me feel sad.
A dear friend was removed from the division whre I work.
When my grandmother passed away.  We had been waiting for it as a she had been sick for years, but when it happened I found it hard a to accept.
When my father died.
When I knew about my sister's in law finacial situation and what a she was facing.
When my beloved grandfather died.
When my wife died in hospital, she was pregnant and had undergone a an operation.
When on Christmas day my grandmother died. I received the a news when I was coming back from a party on the 24th at 5 am.
I experienced this when my maternal grandmother passed away.  She a was the last of my grand parents to pass away.
I felt very sad when I saw the first list from the names of the a people who entered at the University and my name wasn't there.
When the train taking me to my military service left the station, a on the platform remained relatives, projects and goodtimes.  I a had a hard year ahead.
After hearing the news about the death of my sister, I felt very a sad.
The passing away of my mum.
When I received my S.Y.J.C results which did not allow me to get   a admission in engineering.
When I didn't succeed to enter at the University, I felt that the a college entrance course sistem prejudiced me, that my integrity, a and effort weren't corresponded.
My father's death in January 1983 moved me deeply.  The gloom a prevailed for almost two years and I am still to recover from it.
My Uncle was beaten by his troublesome son. He fell unconscious a and gained consciousness after some time. That time I was at a school; this news reached me through someone.
A close friend died.
When my brother died.
When a girl did not answer a question, concerning my love for a her, put forward to her.
When I was 10/11 years old my father travelled very much for his a work (he passed three months away from home).
It was the time I went home for my holidays only to find that my a sister had passed away.  The news had been hidden from me, so a that I could take my exams.
We went to visit my mother at the residence.  She was crying and a said that she was about to die.  I believed all her complaints a and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her.
I was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply.
When the girl I loved turned me down.
When my elder brother died.
My dog died of a cerebral tumor.
[ No response.]
I saw a dead child which was not covered, it had been knocked a down by a car.
A close friend travelled to another country. When I knew that he a would only come back after many years, I felt very sad.
A friend who was 22 years old died.
I had received bad news informing me that grandmother and a grandfather had passed away. The first one to die was my a grandmother and after two days grandfather died too.
When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I a had imagined and that I could not do anythong about it.
In the 12/83 my boyfriend asked me to forget him, as it would be a easy.
A friend of mine was hurt as he thought that our relationship was a not the same as before and something had gone wrong.
Finding out that the university will give first priority to a qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your English a lectures.
I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and a she could not be accepted at the institution of learning.
When my family and I heard of the death of my grandfather.  We had a  seen him a few weeks earlier and it seemed that he had just been a waiting to see us.
When I couldn't go for a trip with my friends in a holiday.
When I became conscious that men don't wnat anything they don't a have a goal. They have: sex, but this isn't important.
A friend breaking up with her boyfriend.
When I saw in the newspapers, on the T.V, and magazines the a chaotic situation caused by the drought and hunger in a Mauritania.
It was only once that I really felt sad: at my grandfather's a funeral (after a long time of suffering he had died of cancer).
When my grandmother, my second mother died.
When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked a quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time. 
