I had just masterbated with another boy.
Not collecting homeworks in time to give the teacher.
When I forgot about a meeting at work.
While watching a religious film, I got very excited and made a a number of comments which were reproached to me by an elderly a person who respected me.
After our sad first of May party, I felt ashamed because the a friends who had been invited had to suffer.  We, the organizers a of the party, did not drive the intruders away.
When the cast general election resulted in Norway getting a a conservative government.
Shame of not doing something well.
Once I spoke without thinking very much - it was quite a a nonsense.
A friend of mine was shouting at me in a group of juniors.
On a road trip with a group of sorority and fraternity people, I a became intoxicated and basically raped. I don't remember the a actual event, but I know the feeling that I experienced later.
I was working in I. when a friend of mine borrowed his car so I a could get bach there, I had to come to S.Paulo and his car was a here. He said :"When you get the car tell my mother that you are a only taking the car bacause I asked, for she doesn't like me to a borrow it". Next day he borrowed me it again for I had to come a back again. When I was coming back I crashed the car quite a lot. a One of the first person I met at the accident was his mother, a that said to me "You weren't to take the car only yesterday ?" a (before I saw her I was already ashamed).
When someone I know was caught in an "adultery" situation.
When I failed one of the tests because I had not worked hard a enough.
Felt it after I spoke terribly (got mad at) the person who is the a most important in my life.
Watching TV about china is behind in winning gold medals.
I felt ashamed when I fought with my mother on some issue, and a caused her trouble.
At using other people, because of sexual experience that was a using another to the detriment of both. Anxiety that I may have a affected another for the worst.
A friend came for dinner with me at home. His parents are a ordinary people. My mother, however, used the very expensive a porcelain dinner-service and the silver cutlery. I felt very a ashamed.
When I failed my Primary school leaving Examinations. I never a thought I would fail. When I heard I had failed I really felt a ashamed of myself.
When I was young I was told to to the shop to buy a dozen eggs.  a I went and asked for one egg and the people in the shop laughed a at me and so did my family when I told them what had happened.
When coming up for trial because of shop lifting.
When my cousin's wife refused him sex and claimed that she was my a girllfriend.  I think that there is something wrong with the a woman as I have never even thought of having sex with her.
That was what I felt when I told my first lie and then was a cought.
When unjustified hurting other people.
Not having good marks like other people for homeworks.
During a party I overheard a conversation about china. When I a wanted to give my opinion one of the people came out to be Chinese a and his opinion was right of course.
When I told a girl that I could not take her out that night as I a was entertaining my mother who had come from home.  However, I a later met this girl with another girlfriend at a hostel where I a had taken out another girlfriend of mine.
[ I am quite shameless, not applicable.]
Saw on TV China not winning more gold medals in the Asian a Olympics.
The fact that I was pregnant. I was always considered level a headed and did not have sex until 18 and out of high school.
When I was little - Mum caught me telling a lie about who broke a the cup.
Not doing well in the examn.
When I dropped a bottle in the state liquor store and everyboby a started laughing.
A serious drug error while nursing that I knew I was responsible a for (patient lived, no complications fortunately).
Being sexually assulted in public.
I was about to share lunch with my aunt's husband when she told a me that I would have to wait and eat with my cousins.
An argument that grew out of an ordinary conversation with a a person very close to me, when we should have been having a good a time together.
One night I had a sexual intercourse with another man.  My sexual a desire and my curiosity had made me jump into bed with him.  I am a ashamed of myself now.
When I proposed love to a girl and she turned me down.
When I as a Pakeha (white) new Zealander, was just as racially a prejudiced as other people whom I had condemned.
I overreacted towards my mother and felt ashamed afterwards.
I was talking badly about a person to some friends, and a discovered that his daughter was listening.
The time I shouted at most of my friends at a party.  It was as if a  all my friends had done something wrong, or may be it was the a influence of the beer.
Saw a beggar on the street (China still so poor).
I felt ashamed when my parents found out that I had deceived a them.
I was misbehaving in the agency.
During a meeting.
I insulted a couple of good friends of mine and even tried to hit a them when I was drunk.  The next day, I was ashamed of course.
I played in a stage play. Suddenly, in front of 200 people, I a could not remember the words I had to say.
When I was found urinating, behind a toilet instead of inside it, a by my class mates and the teachers.  I was told to pick up my own a urine from the wet soil, I did it.
Truely, I got very ashamed when my brother was sent out of a Business Machines Limited Company due to improper handling of the a office equipment in Sales Services.
Finding out from this lecture that China is backward in a psychology.
I saw a skid-row (chronical) alcoholic and I was ashamed of the a people with a high standard of living.
[ I feel shame when I do not arrive on time and others have to a wait for me for a long time.]
An exam where questions about very specific knowledge were asked.
This happens to me when I am not prepared in a given subject.
When I wanted to kiss a friend and didn't succeed, I felt shame.
When I was 10, I got busted for stealing a candy-bar.
When I was a child I had to recite a poem in a show at the end of a the term.
[ Do not remember any situation of that kind.]
It was the time when everybody spoke about and discussed a Hainburg. I was also asked for my opinion. I was ashamed because a I had no firm view of the whole thing and therefor was not able a to join the conversation.
When I fell head on in a fountain.
When the brother-in-law of a girlfriend of mine found us in a a bedroom with clothes and panties spread all over the place.
Sometime back I was coming from the wards and lice were all over a my uniform since patient's blankets have a lot of lice. It a happened that my boyfriend picked some lice from my white uniform. a I was so ashamed.
I failed my Nutrition paper which was the paper ending the a course.
When I met a friend of mine after several months.
The day my fiancee told me that it was bad that I could not write a my mother tongue.
When I was a child, my uncle came to see us. I spit at him and a ran out - I do not know the reason for that. My father came after a me and insisted on my apologizing.
When I failed the grade seven exams.
I feel shame when sometimes, (unconsciously) I behave unethically a and without understanding the problems of the man I love.
At one occasion I was ashamed of being refused after a proposal a for a friendship with a certain girl. I was ashamed because she a refused publically in the presence of my fellow friends.
I feel ashamed when I am praised.
At a cross-country race I wanted to take a short-cut (which is a not allowed). I was caught and disqualified. All my friends had a observed that.
When my boyfriend revealed that he knew that I had discovered a things of an important nature about him, I felt ashamed as I had a not mentioned it earlier.
When I failed the S.S.C examination I felt very ashamed.
I was very fat, and was ashamed of my body.
A friend giving me an expensive Christmas gift while I gave her a a cheap one.
I flet shameful when I learnt that I cooked Nsima which was full a of lamps in it.
First weekend back home after one week at Uni I scolded one of my a sister's best friends for using our telephone. Very silly, but I a was annoyed because she was there at a time when I needed to be a with my family.
[ Same as above - friends who torture animals.]
A friend catched me while masturbating. I am not fully sure a whether she saw it or not.
I remember that once, a friend did not co-operate with me due to a some unavoidable reasons.  Unaware of this I treated her unjustly a till I realized everything, and then I felt ashamad of my deeds.
I was ashamed at myself for having shouted at my daughter because a of my marital break-up and the unfair way I was treated.
While working as a domestic helper, one day I had not cleaned up a very well and they made a remark about it.
Lying to my cousin about the form five examination fees.
In the last day of carnaval I met a boy and began to flirt with a him. I was in love with him. When he introduced me to his friends a I died of shame because I was with them before, I met my a boyfriend in carnaval.
When I was in grade one, one day I felt like going to the toilet a during class but I was very scared of the teacher so I urinated a in the class.
After the car accident in GUILT.
I kicked the dog outside on a cold night because he was annoying a me. The next day he came down with the flu and we thought he was a going to die.
When I was in the canteen of the United college I mistook a a stranger for a classmate as I was not wearing my glasses.  I a realized that I had made this mistake when I saw him again a carefully.
I was caught stealing food at my aunt's place.  I had tried to a hide the food I had taken from the pantry while my aunt was in a the kitchen, however she went to the pantry and discovered the a stolen package.
In a very crowded shop I was distracted and missed my turn in the a queue.  A woman who was behind me began to shout at me asking me a either to pay more attention or to leave.
My teacher reminded us not to do a Summer job, however I did it a for two months.  Yesterday I was chatting with my teacher and a when we talked of the Summer job, I felt ashamed.
Zhu Jianhau did not break the world record for China.
[ Do not remember any incident.]
When I had not prepared my contribution to the group as a thoroughly as the other members, with the result that the a overall result was poor.
When my mother asked me to do a job for her which does not a require much effort on my part, yet I refused for selfish reasons a and saw her have to do it.
When I considered writing a load of crap for this emotion.
I said something especially stupid which I did not mean at all.
News was spread that I had been found doing sexual intercourse a with a small girl. At first this annoyed me but later on I became a ashamed because many people seemed to believe it.
I went to study in a public library but I didn't know it well. I a got a book and wanted to study hearing music. Then I went to a a place were I could do it, but when I passed by a door a bell rang a and a man came saying that I couldn't leave with the book.
Can't remember that feeling.
It was when my father caught me with a girl in dark corners and a asked me what I was doing there.
It was when we were beaten or lost the football match by 5-1 and a then I scored the third goal to my own side.
As a young girl in form I, I wet my bed one day at the boarding a school and many girls came to see the person who had done it as I a had to take my mattress out that day.
I felt very ashamed at having got a book by force from a girl.
Asking someone to give me back the money I once lend him because a I needed it myself.
None.
Being insulted in public.
Finding out that China is backward in science.
As part of the assessment I had to speak on a subject in front a of the class. I was not really prepared and I was just reading a the stuff I had on a piece of paper, when some of the students  a asked me something I could not give them an answer.  I felt a ashamed as I had not prepared the topic.
Can't think of any.
Once as a school girl I was copying at a class work and my a teacher spotted me.
I had promised to help out with domestic chores and I forgot a about it.
While quarelling with a fellow worker of mine, I was vehement and a irritated and I told him what I thought of him in plain language.  a I was ashamed of myself when I met him the next day.
I look up to my Karate-teacher. When I came to a training lesson a after I had not trained for one week, I was totally stiff. I was a ashamed.
At school I was talking to a classmate about mathematics.  I had a grown weary of it and said : "I would like to throw the book on a the arse of Kuikka".  My classmate said : "Now, he is sitting a there and waiting for the book" (Kuikka was one of the most quiet a boys of the class).  I was ashamed of myself.
I put my head into the pullover of a girl to see her breasts. The a girl looked at me so that I felt ashamed.
When I inadvertantly entered the ladies room and met some girls a on my way out.
When I asked a friend to return the money that I had loaned her a and then remembered that she had repayed me in several ways.
I felt shame when I saw someone I knew and pretended not to see a her. Later she saw me and said hi.
After having failed my driving test.
When I was emotionally unstable I said things which may have hurt a others or made them feel unhappy.  When I calmed down I realized a that I had been selfish and had not taken into consideration the a feelings of others.  Then I felt ashamed as someone pointed out my a behaviour to me.
While shopping, a person close to us created an uncomfortable a situation for those who were with her.
Stealing from my mother's purse when I was a little boy.
When I purposely locked my babysitter out of the house at age 4 a because I DIDN'T LIKE HER.
Recently, some friends and I had too much to drink while on a a foot-ball road trip to USC. We trashed our hotel room and I felt a ashamed when the maid walked in the next morning.
When I did not do well in the PG310 test I, I got only 4 marks a above the pass marks despite my effort.  I felt bad because quite a a number of friends did better.
I choked on a cold drink in front of girls who were strangers.
During the oral part of my final examination I made a mistake in a speaking so that all the teachers laughed at me.
I went to visit Montrose home for crippled children to interview a a handicapped child. I interviewed two boys and it went really a well. I promised I would visit them, but never got the time. Now I a hope they've forgotten me, but I feel ashamed of letting them a down.
When I went to my boyfriend's house for lunch and saw his a parents, I felt that they were watching me all the time.
I feel shame mixed with anger with the behavior of some a incultivated people because my fiancT is a foreigner.
When I was an evening school teacher it was my job to make the a coffee but I was not able to get the coffee ready on time and I a thus arrived half an hour late to the class.  On top of this the a coffee was undrinkable.
[ Do not know.]
When I had to walk home from the bus-stop in a skirt that I had a soiled.  It drew a lot of attention and they all seemed to want a to see the blood stains.
When I do not succeed in making myself clear to other people. a When they do not understand what I say.
When my mother caught me masturbating.
When I let my girlfriend use my essay to help her to write hers a and the tutor found them alike.
After taking a difficult midterm for one of my classes, I felt a shame for not studying as much as I should have. I was ashamed of a the results of the midterm.
When I went to a disco with a friend I started behaving badly a embarrassing him without reason.
I spent an evening with my girl-friend. When we wanted to go to a bed I was totally drunk. Next morning I felt rather ashamed.
Some days ago I fell down at a public place, I came into notice a but thank God I was not mocked at. Though it hurt badly, at the a first moment I felt shame, not ache.
I received the results of the test paper of my major subject and a I found that my result was not as good as a classmate who had a recently changed his major subject.    I felt very ashamed.
Parents finding out I smoked.
In a party of friends I got completely drunk.
Not being able to argue against class leaders.
I saw a bag on the street and just then a stranger passed by.  I a picked up the bag immediately and gave it to the stranger as I a thought that it belonged to him.  But it was not his bag and I a felt ashamed.
I lied to someone and some time later this person found out that a I had not told him the truth.
When I found out my roommate had been talking behind my back a about very personal things.
I forgot something I agreed upon with a good friend.
We were at a football match and when we were leaving the stadium a (the stadium was packed with people) and I lost my shoe in the a crowd. Our attempts to find it didn't give any result and I had a to go home without one shoe. In other words to cross the whole a town !
When I realized that I had a hole in my trousers after having gone a for a walk.
I was ashamed when my friend and I were cross with each other a till we apologized to each other.
When I began to date, the first gestures of affection made me a feel ashamed. Note: for GUILT go to record
I am chosen for the English lectures instead of my good friend a and people told me that girls are more likely to be chosen.
When I had come home drunk the day after a party, I felt very a ashamed in front of my parents.
Finding out that the university police was afraid to stop the a foreign students playing loud music (China's shame).
When the teacher asked me to read my composition that was the a homework I stood up and invented one because I hadn't done it. A a colleague saw that in my copy book there was nothing written and a he accused me and so I was called in the director's room.
I recently became sexually involved with my sister's lover. I a care for him very much, but I am ashamed of the hurt I may cause a her.
My mother revealed personal details about me and the a negative aspects of my character to other people when I was a present but unable to defend myself.
Doing poorly on an exam that I thought I should do well.
On own reading book. Recall came to mind of slight sexual a exploitation of a female (years ago) i.e. had her on even for a sexual motives.
For example, to feel bad because of one's attire, to be among a people who do not belong to the same social class, to give a a wrong answer in class, to be surprised in particular situations.
At school I was bad in mathematics. Although my teacher had a admonished me to do my homework, one day I had forgotten to do a it. When my teacher noticed it, I blushed and was ashamed to be a rebuked in front of the other pupils.a
When I had to represent my boss at a meeting.
When I realized that I belonged to a country which is amongst the a poorest in the world and that inspite of having the resources we a do not utilize them.  I was ashamed at myself and my country, a shame at the lack of parity between the lifestyles of the a citizens.
When my mother found out that I smoke maryhuana.
At a weekend's seminar my trousers suddenly burst, therefore I was a prevented from participating in several activities.
A professor was going to read aloud in class a composition of a mine in which I had criticized some political attitudes and also a some class-mates.   I was ashamed at having written that.
When I bought new skis; I was ashamed to tell the assistant that a I am not good at skiing and therefor bought racing skis.
My father died after two very painful weeks in bed. I felt a relieved, and was ashamed of that.
I passed on some gossip that was untrue and cause two friends to a have a fight who were already experiencing difficulties with each a other.
I had a feeling of shame when I found myself unable to answer a some questions from my tutor simply because of a lack of a preparation.
I was in a very small class and the professor said something a about me that made everyone look at me at the same time.
I had to prepare a report but I couldn't write it. I read from a a book off-hand, I was quite uneasy and I felt I didn't manage.
When I did not speak the truth.
I think I felt ashamed for the first time when I entered a night a club.
When a person whom I do not want to see is continously present.
Arguing with a friend over politics. She was more informed on the a issues and made me feel very ashamed of my political ignorance.
When one has been unjust, stupid towards someone else.
When I went to explain to a lecturer whom I liked that the work a expected of me was not going to be in.
I was talking to a friend of mine about our parents and a education.  I said something and then realized that I did not a know my friend's parents, their motives and education.  I felt a ashamed at having talked about something I did not know anything a about.
Finding out about Chinese money cannot buy foreign journals.
I had a misunderstanding with my father and after some time I a found that I had been wrong.
When I arrived too late at a meeting of mentor (the night before a the introduction of novices on the University start).
I guess I have often been ashamed after having talked badly of a other people.
I made a very insulting remark against a person whom I care for a very much. This event was caused by a third person who didn't a like the person I insulted.
My mother told my uncle who is a Roman Catholic Priest a (Redemptist Father) that I had been living in a de-facto a relationship for three years. He was very, very angry at me.
I criticised an action of my mother and for the first time she a genuinely took notice of it. I felt shame that I was almost a taking the part of a husband, or at least an equal which I should a not.
I felt shame when I found that I was almost last in the exam.
When parents of a certain girl refused to let me marry their a daughter because I was not fit to do so yet the girl accepted a everything and later she followed what her parents insisted and a she told me never to talk to her again.
China not doing well in the Asian Olympic games.
Caught cheating on a diet.
My father who is very quiet discovered I was going out with a a coloured boy. He called me names and was really upset.
When I was in a bus on my way to the examination centre, a man    a sitting opposite me kept looking at me continously.  I did not know  a what was wrong.  When I reached the  centre I started strolling around  a as I still had a little time.  Suddenly a man came and whispered "You  a have forgotten to zip up your trousers."  I was at a loss to say anything  a and I felt very embarrassed.  When I thought of the bus incident I felt  a even more ashamed.
When I went to the library three weeks after it had opened and a found that everyone was busy.
One day in class, the professor asked me a question concerning something a he had been explaining.  He was very close to me (beside me) and I a had no idea what to answer.
Not chosen for all English classes.
I was very ashamed when I failed a test in Standard 7. The a teacher told the other students to shout and laugh at me.
I was supposed to go out with my girlfriend one Saturday night, a but I got really drunk with some friends earlier that afternoon a and evening. So, I totally forgot about going out with my a girlfriend. She showed up the next day, and that was when I a remembered.
When criticizing something about a person and then realizing that a the person whom one is talking to is similar.
I slept with a man purely because I found him physically a attractive and was under the influence of alcohol.
One day in the TYBA class the teacher asked me a very simple a question which I could not answer.  Finally the teacher himself a gave us the answer and my friends started laughing at me as I had a not been able to answer a simple question.  I knew the answer but a feared that my response may be wrong.  All this made me feel a ashamed of myself.
At the airport, eighty beer cans that I was carrying in a a bag spread all around while I was going through the metal a detector.
I told my friend about how I had calculated my salary by cheating a a little.  When my friend remarked about it, I understood that it a was wrong to do so, and I felt ashamed.
One day I was supposed to go to a movie with my boyfriend. In the a morning I went to see my Auntie and I didn't come back up to a evening.
I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes a came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents a attention by talking to them.
During the lesson the teacher called me and asked me if I had a reported that I was late.  I pretended that I had but looking at a her eyes I knew that she knew that I was lying.  I thought that a it was really bad luck that she had examined the list of the a students who were late.
When I had insulted my father two years back, at that time I was a very angry due to some reasons.
Last Summer I went camping with some C.U students.  As I was a working then, I had to leave the second night (some of them had a joined us the first night).  Next morning, 6 o'clock, a female a classmate knocked on our door and tried to wake us up.  I was not a fully conscious and I said something which I should not have.  I a realized the trouble I had made and wanted to hide.  Later I a said sorry to her and the matter came to an end.
After a party in which I made love with a boy in public. Later on a I heard that others were talking about me and called me a slut.
Getting drunk and creating a lot of trouble at a place I respect a - my friend's home.
Caused fault in V.C.R. by not following instructions carefully.
Talking about a person's unattractiveness, not realizing that the a person was listening.
Close friend discovered I had deceived them. Felt shame at having a done it and knowing that they knew.
I am ashamed when I am not prepared in a subject and I have to a answer in the presence of the patients.
When my first sexual intercourse turned out to be a flop.  I was a in a panic and ended up without an erection.
When an intimate friend of mine passed B.A with first class and I a got only pass class.
I was dishonest to my boyfriend concerning something that is a important to our relationship.
As a child when I was blamed for peeing in the swimming-pool.
A much older man took advantage of me during my childhood (four a to eight years of age).
When I almost did something awful with a friend of mine and a myself.
I was dancing in a theatre.  I was not sure whether some frieends a of mine had come to see me.  I was very scared of doing things a wrong.
I felt shame at the hurt I caused to my family especially my a parent father, shame of hurting people emotionally. A misconceived a self-blaming that didn't do me any good. Shame at being myself as a I am.
One day, when I was sitting on the bus, there was an old woman a standing beside me.  I was very tired and sleepy and did not a think of giving her my seat.  A 50 year old woman who was sitting a beside me got up and gave her seat to the old woman and said,  a " Old woman, please take my seat, the youngstters these days are a not used to giving their seats to others."  When I heard these a words I was very ashamed of myself and wanted to get off the bus a at once.
When I stole a book in class and the teacher caught me, the rest a of the class laughed at my attempt.
I felt this feeling during the exam in higher mathematics.
I omitted to do a favor to a friend, while he was very much in a need for help.
When I had not been accepted to a college which I dreamed of a going to. I felt that I had let myself and my parents down.
I was ashamed one day when we were found stealing and roasting a maize cobs from Agricultural experimental projects.
I felt shame when I didn't study enough for my exams and as a a result I failed. I then invented idle stories to talk it good for a myself and the others.
Had a very good friend. We grew apart I found myself running her a down to other friends.
My behaviour at a recent party.  I passed out early, luckily.
As a child - being sent to the shop by mother - buying some a chocolate - getting caught by mother.
Not finishing homework.
When I failed the grade seven exams.
I am ashamed at myself sometimes when I am working with a handicapped people and don't wish to be seen in public with them.
When I complained to my mother about how untidy the kitchen a loooked, she boxed my ears ( this had never happened before).
When I was 10 years old I stained our bench with a fountain-pen, a I tried to twin the cushions, but then there were colour nuances. a Then my mother catched me, she saw it and became very angry.
Making an unexpected talk with a professor in the canteen. This a made me shy.
After a jogging session I had severe abdominal cramps and this a lead to my wanting to empty my bladder.  My friends gathered a around me and two of them had to help me to the toilet.  I was a ashamed at having to go to the toilet in the presence of my a friends.
When I dated my friend's boyfriend after they had broken up.
When my father came into the bathroom and saw me standing there a naked.
I was in a bus with my school material when I fell and sat on the a lap of another passenger.
I misunderstood a girl and thought that she loved me.  One day a when I was talking to her, her boyfriend appeared and I felt a ashamed.
It was last week on Sunday that I was walking with my girlfriend a along Kawale road going to town so I tried to stop a car for a a lift and the driver didn't stop and I felt shame because people a were looking at us.
The mother of a friend of mine passed by me and saw me sitting a on a boy's lap.  I tried to greet her but could not help a blushing.
I was ashamed at myself when I saw that the other boys and girls   a of my age earn a lot of money by doing very good and hard work.
Fighting with my father while drunk.
I felt ashamed to be Brazilian and to live under a military a dictatorship that despoiled the people, when during my military a service.
When I was doing my homework at home, some relatives came and a advised me to help my mother do the house-work.
My love and me rented a room in a hotel one evening.  We stayed a there a few hours and when leaving the hotel, I felt ashamed.
I felt ashamed when a friend, I had always respected, insulted me a in public.  He was drunk.
I had high-heeled shoes one time, but a certain girl who saw the a shoes told me that they were out of fashion and I looked as an a old man when I was in those shoes.
My mother caught me stealing some food when I was a young a boy.
I felt ashamed of myself the first time I drank as nobody in the a family drinks.  I felt that I had let down my parents and my a friends.
I counterfeited a mark in the school register during the lesson a in gymnastics. I felt this feeling two days later when I stood a face to face with my teacher, whom I highly appreciated and a respected.
My guilty behaviour was found out by others.
Walking on the street passing by an air duct, my skirt went up.
When I embarrassed a friend by asking him aloud if a certain a person was "the source of gossip" he told me about, while that a person was also present.
A conflict with a pupil and there were probatory teachers a present.
A theft committed by me.
When I sat in the wrong discussion section in the beginning of a the semester. I insisted on being in the right section and the a TA's list should have included my name. When I found out that I a was in the wrong, I apologized, turned red and left.
Quite recently I realized that I had had some erroneous views a about life. For instance, I had always lived for other people, a had forgotten my own person and suppressed my own feelings. I was a ashamed because I had not been concious of that until I had a a conversation about it with a person.
One day I went for a bath. I took off my clothes and as soon as I a had finished my brother came in. I felt sad and I found no reason a why he came in.
When I made the same mistake that I had accused someone else of, and a this was obvious to a third pereson.
Once when I said bad things concerning a friend.
I was very much ashamed after a friend beat me at school and I a was defeated.
I feel shame every time I think of very dear friends of mine a abroad who were family to me for a year, and now 2 years later, I a have attempted, but have not actually gone through with a corresponding with them, to express my feelings and gratitude.
Because I was lazy and unthoughtful I did not get into contact a with a very close friend when she shifted from the Gold Coast to a Brisbane, for a month, despite her efforts to contact me. I felt a shamed when I finally confronted her again.
When we were at home, my husband and I, he made a remark about a something I had done, in a perfectly friendly manner.  My deed a had been unjust and I knew that my husband was right, therefore my a sense of shame.
Since I've been here I haven't written to any of my relatives. I got a a letter from my mom telling me how upset my grandparents are a from not hearing from me.
This is an event I will never forget.  I am considered a good a mimic.  This particular day we were waiting for a professor a to take her class.  This  professor had a peculiar accent and a a very horrible way of lecturing and to top it all we had this a class at the fag end of the day.  So this particular day I got a into my element and started imitating the professor, and the a professor entered the class right in the middle of it .  I was a unaware of her presence, some of my friends tried to warn me but a it was of no avail as I was too engrossed in mimicing.  Then I a suddenly noticed the silence and turned around to see her a entering the class.  I do not know till today if she actually saw a what I had been doing or she had completely ignored it.  Through  a out that lecture I died of shame.  All the more shameful was the a fact that she gave me a character certificate.
One of my best friends'fiancT broke off the relationship because a his feelings for me were stronger than for her. I felt the same a for him, but did not really encourage him to leave her or stay a with her - still felt shame.
I was at a children's camp abroad. The people (the leaders, my a coevals) were very king to us. One night we smeared our foreign a friends with tooth-paste while they were sleeping and then we a roused the whole camp by our shouts. Later I was so sorry. I a didn't utter a word for two days, then I went to apologize.
One night a friend found out that I dumped one girl for another a and he proceded to lecture me.
I was given the task to learn a page of music text for a small a part. But I had forgotten all about it and I felt quite awkward a when I had to show what I had prepared.
I feel shame when I have made a promise, I can't keep it and this a has negative effects which are caused by my behavior.
Every time I do not write something well in English.
I was ashamed when I was being introduced to the church a congregation.
Defying my parents and staying out all night when I wasn't a supposed to.
Cheating to get the best grade on a test in 7th grade.
A daughter in court for staff pilfering, she was dressed like a a "street walker" - I had a friend form overseas with me and was a falsely trying to impress with my family.
During a family reunion, they started talking about me wearing an a ear-ring.
When I was not in a position to control myself.  I had said too a much and had been cruel with no other than my mother.
As a kid my mother caught me stealing sugar and giving it to a a neighbour.
Being unable to stop urinating on the bus.
It was during a school holiday - I was found necking a girl in my a room by my father.
A young visitor to the house stole money from an elderly a visitor's purse. It wasn't noticed for some hours.
I can't remember ever feeling shame.
A situation where we were the center of attention, and things a happened without my control on them, that showed our disagreement, a and ignorance.
My brother came to see me and found me with a boy friend.  When a my boyfriend greeted him, he did not answer and instead started a shouting at me and scolding me in the prescence of my boyfriend.
Watching Muldoon act as my P.M.
When I was in the 12th standard, I could not speak English.  One a day, while  talking with my relatives I used a wrong word and  a my cousin corrected me, believing that I did not know English.  I a really felt ashamed then.a
[ Sorry, I was never ashamed about anything in my life.]
When I blamed my failure to the bias and favouritism in the        a marking system, in fact I had not worked hard enough.
When I was small, I would always fight with my younger sister and a one time I hit her and knocked the wind out of her. I felt real a bad about it.
In an examination ,which other students found easy I could hardly a think and did not know what to answer.
I was at the University dining room, alone, and at a table next a to mine thre were several professors.  One of them asked me to a join them.  I refused but she insisted.  All the others started a looking at me and I had to move to their table.
When ditched - divorced by husband.
I made a comment that at the moment didn't fit.
When I wet my bed at boarding school.
After an oral examination I shook the professor's hand, but he a had only stretched it out for my ball-point-pen.
Telling friends about how my parents had been treating my a brothers and sisters unfairly.
Stealing money from my parents when I was young.
During a meeting I said something wrong and the others laughed at a me.
When I tried to steal a book from the bookshop and was caught.
When I got my fingers stuck in one of the side holes of the door, a in the tube.
My sister said I am not a stable person, and I think she is a right.
At a weakness on my part.
Saying something quite rude, but in jest, about a photograph of a someone, but it didn't quite turn out that way.
A customer at the shop where I worked came in and asked if the a goods that he had ordered had arrived.  I had totally a forgotten about this order and I tried to offer weak excuses.
I told some acquaintances of mine something that I regretted a later.
When I failed one of the first year's courses.
Failed to recagnize a friend on the street.
My teacher said that being university studets we did not have a any self-initiative or self-control.
When I imitated a teacher behind his back - walking very silly.
I was jerking me off in my bedroom, when suddenly, my mother came a in. She looked at me and immediately left the room.
Once a female classmate told me that the clothes I wore seemed to a be a child's clothes.  On hearing this I felt a little ashamed and a I criticized her clothes though there was nothing wrong with a them.
I told evil lies about a close friend of mine.  I was evil in a order to sound jolly, to charm a person whom I wanted to impress. a  I sold my friend, I was despicable.
I thought I had taken a decision but I hesitated.
When my younger sister, who was then 16 years old, was pregnant.
When taking part in the mobbing of one of my best friends in a primary school.
When I wet my head (or bed ?) one day my sister discovered it and reported a it to the other siblings. So my mother had to scold me.
Spots on the seat covers of my husband's car.
I felt ashamed of feeling sorry about myself when I passed a through the situation of being betrayed by my girlfriend.
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
Comments from other children on my alcoholic father
Sleeping with a girl on a Saturday night and then not contacting a her in later days.
First time going out with a boy and other people laughed at us.
Felt I had not appreciated my parents enough. Regretted the a problems I'd caused.
When I failed my grade 7 exam at the first attempt in 1975.  My a father and the entire family thought that I was finished in life. a  I really felt like hiding.
When a group of friends began to make critics about me.
There was a time when my room looked terribly untidy; just at a that time my aunt came to see me; fortunately I could prevent her a from entering the room.
Talking to friends about how old you are and we cannot be as a successful as you at your age.
I had called a boy who had dated me, and told him that I was ill, a while, actually, I didn't want to go out with him, later on, he asked a me if I was feeling better, then I felt ashamed.
Confession to my parents about my involvement in a moped theft.
I felt this when I was copying homework for one of my classes.
Once I went home totally drunk and roused all our neighbours from a sleep.
My little brother was arrested by the police at the railway station after a he had drunk some beer.
I slandered a person behind his back and he got to know about it.
I felt ashamed when my lecturer said in class that I a happened to be the dullest of all.
When my mother looked in my drawer (where I keep my personal a things) and she found some porno photos that I have kept from a more than a week, and split it.
My first real experience with a boy. We were alone. I was quite a young and pretty naive and he was pretty crude and real, sort of, a macho. It was dark, at night during the summer and we were a talking.
I didn't tell my parents that I was going to Sofia. I told them a that I was going to a seminar. My mother knew that I was lying but a she didn't stop me.
The discovery that one has only thought of oneself.
Hit a dog with my car, and didn't stop.
My boyfriend's mother, whom I had not met earlier, made an a unexpected visit.  I was lying lazily on the bed, reading a a newspaper and my boyfriend was studying.
I told Mr Winter of Downtown Fashion to go to - when he did not a accept my Visa !
Some men were talking about me and my sister.
I slipped on butter one evening in the Dining Commons landed on a my rear causing my tray also to land on the floor.
Failing an examn.
When friends found out that I had been lying about where I had a been on a particular occasion.
The same for guilt would apply.
I lied, to be precise I cancelled a meeting with a good friend.
I feel ashamed at the fact that even after 35 years of independence   a 70% of the Indian poulation is still below the poverty line.
When I did something naughty and it lead to the embarrassment of a my parents.
Every time I was around this one person I would stick my foot in a my mouth by being nasty. One time I accidently said something a fairly cruel that was totally inappropriate.
Not quick enough to help the lectors to catty things for the a lecture.
I had an intimate relation with my boyfriend, but unfortunately a we had sexual problems; therefore I deceived him, but I was a ashamed when I told my friend about it.
When somebody I knew greeted me and started to talk with me and I a didn't know, I couldn't remember who he was.
Not having owned up to the responsibility an incident where a family car received minor damage.
At a concert an old man arrived and began to danse, sing and do a silly things.
I was ashamed when I got the lowest result (mark) in class. All a the same I didn't worry too much because I knew I would have got a much better if I had read enough.
About Sweden's arms exports.
At a friend's party there were several allusions to my sexual adventures.
I met a friend in a discotheque. he was with a girl and he told a me that she was not his girlfriend.  I, to say something, a commented that she must be a viscious woman.  He then told me a that she was his girl.
I put an end to a friendship with a girl - I had only pretended a love and affection to be able to sleep with her.
For a medical check-up, we - boys and girls - had to take off our a clothes with the exception of our underwear. Then we had to go a into another classroom where older pupils were sitting and a staring at us.
When my new jeans split while I was with the youth group.
I was learning judo and my instructor wanted me to assist him in a teaching girls judo at a suburban college.  I was just a beginer, a and he made me a green belt so that I would be able to command a respect.  This was against my principles, and yet I allowed myself a to listen to him.  I gave it up soon after, however I felt very a ashamed at not sticking to my principles and at not having put my a foot down earlier.
Again, a quarrel had come up in our difficult relationship.  My a life-partner threw all the books off the shelf.  I am sure that it a disturbed our neighbours since this happened late in the night.
It was my birthday and all the members of the group made me a a surprise in a public place at 10 p.m. giving me flowers and suvenirs.
In our class we had a test on Nursing, so a friend from the Army a was caught peeping, by using a paper which had already answers a which was written by him. So all of us from the Army got ashamed.
When I realized that I was pregnant.  I thought about what my a relatives and friends would think about me and I felt a lot of a self pity.
When I talked to a psychotherapist for the first time, I started a to cry; first I talked to him but he did not say anything and a after a while I was crying.
Insulted my girlfriend during a peptalk.
In class I had to say something aloud and people reacted  by a laughing.
On the way back from a Summer spent in Sweden, I drunk with a man a in the train.  I had drunk so much that when I got home I fell a asleep in the entrance hall.  I have never drunk that much, a neither before nor after that incident.  I was ashamed because my a mother and my sister had to see me in that state and my father a had to carry me to bed.
I had never made a malicious joke in front of my boyfriend. Last a week I did it I was funny, he loved it, and I died of shame.
[ Cannot recall any incident when I felt shame.]
When I broke-down while seeing off my friend.
One day I felt dizzy during a lecture.  When the lecturer asked a us as to who had heard the fairy tale - I was the only one who a put up his hand and this surprised the whole class.
I once proposed my own niece whom I did not know but I discovered a after she was my girlfriend.
I forgot that the course instructor had directed us to go for a special classes after the usual class hours.  I missed this the a first day and when he asked me about it the next day I said that a I had forgotten.
When I got 1/2 out of 15 in Abnormal Psychology I felt ashamed.
Recently I saw a young girl fawning on a man. And what for - a money and things. I was ashamed to be a woman.
I arrived late at a seminar concerning my major subject at a university, although I had been appointed to formally oppose the a paper which was being presented.
I came home from school very keyed up. At the dinner table I a unfortunately unloaded a lot of my hostility off on one of my a parents. I'm ashamed that I didn't dispate and control these a feelings before coming to the table or even let the energy build a up in the first place.
In a fight with my girlfriend in a luncheonette where everybody a stared at me in such a way that I had to leave it.
When I was twelve I was babysitting some children but I did not a act very responsibly and one of them was injured.
Getting very low marks in mathematics.
During carnaval I danced for a few minutes normally I don't dance a because I am rigid in my moving around during a dance, I stopped a very soon.
When the literature teacher made me recite a poem in the middle a of the class and I had to gesticulate.
A girl asked me why I didn't dance. I told her I was ashamed to a dance. I felt myself ashamed having to tell her this.
We were writing Primary school leaving Examinations when I had a fallen at the steps going into the Exam room.
A children's film in which I played a clown, with spotlights, a cameras and the director who demanded jumps and guffaws.
I complained about a colleague's behaviour as she goes back on a her word, is often absent and is irresponsible.  I found out that a she was an alcoholic and was trying to fight againt her a addiction.
I lost my driver's licence because of speeding.
I got pass marks in the H.S.S compulsory courses while most a people performed well.
I feel ashamed every time that someone makes me a positive or a negative critic.
When my best friend foud out I'd been lying about something I'd a been doing behind her back.
I travelled on a bus and I forgot to punch the ticket. A ticket a collector came in and I had to pay the fine. I did it with a feeling a of shame.
When I was young I felt ashamed when our relatives visited us and a I hid myself.
I do not have accomodation on the campus so I stay with my a extended family, one young man used bad words while asking me to a leave their home.
My friend had many female friends and I thought that they were a his lovers.  I would scold him but he did not accept my advice.  a Later I learnt from his girlfriends that this was not true.  I a felt ashamed at having misunderstood him.
I told a friend that I was going to a party and he would not a enjoy himself if he came along.  He understood  that he would not a have fitted in and there was something in that.
Had to tell people that my parents are divorced.
When I bribed the person who caught me doing something I was not a supposed to have done.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.
In 1972 I failed my Examination because of my own crooky a behaviour of dodging from Examinations.
When relatives have acted strangely, and unfriendly towards me.
While dining with some accquaintances I was asked something a which I should have known but I did not know.
When for the first and the last time I tried to crib and the a teacher was with her back to me but right when I was taking the a materials out she turned round and saw me.
Being with a close friend, in the city, who was involved at the a present point in time in outrageous activity.
As a little girl, I was sick in the middle of a school day and I a vomitted in the basin of the classroom.
I was angry about 3 months ago and I kicked backwards against the a wall. It caved in and so I had to show it to my parents. I had a been angry after my mother said something to me about not being a able to find clothes in my size - something that I'm sensitive a about. (6' 5'' 210)
Not doing well in examns which I should do well (English examns).
I tried to pass an examination particularly well, but I did it a worse than ever. I felt ashamed.
The people on my floor last year were very close. This year 4 of a our best friends live together in an apartment. My boyfriend and a I dropped by on one of their birthdays and stayed for dinner. Two a other people had already been invited and I felt uncomfortable a and unwanted. Then I realized I was the one who always called a them and they rarely call me.
When I was leaving home I decided to leave without saying a good-bye to my young brother.  My brother saw me and said,        a " Will you not say good-bye to me?"  He is only 31/2 years old.
When I overtook a car on the mainroad, misjudging the distance of a an oncoming car and this resulted in tooting and flashing from a the other driver (we could have collided), and I had an a acquaintance in the car with me.
Immediately after the New Year holidays I happened to visit a a party where there was a lot of alcohol and I became drunk. On the a next day I felt sort of ashamed when I remembered what I had said a and done on the night before.
I made a major mistake while learning how to use a computer programme a and the teacher criticized me.
During an informal discussion I contributed a lot even though I a had not spent much time studying.  Whenever someone said that a someone was not paying attention, or that he had too many other a things to do, or that the persoon was not trying his best, I a would feel ashamed.
Falling over.
One day I addressed my husband in an abusive manner in front of a his friends.  Later on I realized this myself and felt ashamed of a myself.
My P.T. instructor also works as a masseur. He wanted to massage a me, therefore I had to undress. For the first few times this was a not easy for me; I got gradually used to it.
A few days back I had to ask a professor a ridiculous question a because I had lost at a game of cards and had to pay a forfeit.
I put on a lot of weight in a few months and every time I met a someone I knew would avoid them, usually by hiding because my a self image was low and I was ashamed of what I had done to a myself.
When inadvertantly I found myself in the ladies room.
I took the tram without paying. There were many people around me a when I was caught by a controller. I felt ashamed but also angry.
I felt ashamed when in a certain occasion I had to read a text a and didn't stop stuttering.
Being criticized by teacher in public.
I had a test in the class and I had not adequately prepared a myself. I didn't fare so well on the exam and I felt bad about a it.
One rainy day when the streets were wet, and as I was walking down a a slope, I fell down out of my carelessness.  There were many a people and they saw me, so I felt ashamesd.  Moreover I hurt my a ankle and it was painful.
When I was on holiday with my former boyfriend, he hit me and a behaved in a very evil and ugly manner in front of the hotel a personnel.
I was saying bad things about a man I had never seen.  I was a with a friend and did not know that she was related to this man.  a My friend did not tell me about it and I discovered this myself.
At Christmas night there was a good movie on television which I a wanted to see for years. I was whining about it till someone told a me it was very childish. Then I felt shame.
I had always been first in my class and in the preliminary board a exams I scored the highest marks.  Then the exams were a postponed and I neglected my studies as I was confident.  However a when the final results came out I felt ashamed as I had scored a less than 60% marks and my rank in the class was fifth or sixth.
I did badly in the mid term examination.
When I have a plain appearance.
Being caught in changing the truth (lying).
I have always felt ashamed for some people's behavior to their a too old parents. I have felt hurt and shy when they have left a them to the mercy of fate.
In an important situation for me, my father behaved inadequately.
I was catched when, as a little girl, I played tricks. I was very a startled then and wet my pants.
When harassed by this boy - it was sexual (refer to GUILT).
Recently, I left my bag in the car of someone who picked me up a while hitch-hiking. I spent some effort to find out where he a lived (I succeeded).
Once in primary five, I had forgotten to take a book to class and a the teacher punished me by asking me to stand at the back of the a class.  I thought about the way my mother would react if she saw a me being punished.  My mother was very good to me and though she a did not see me punished, I felt sorry for her.
When I was caught telling a white lie.  At that time, I was not a allowed to stay outdoors after 8 p.m.  One day when I was late, I a made up a story that our neighbour had invited me to his place, a though I had actually forgotten about the time while playing with a my pals.
I was swimming in the sea and a wave took the top part of my a bikini away.
A few years back I had proposed love to a girl who later turned out a to be related to me.  Though we were in love with each other, we a both felt ashamed and withdrew from each other.
When I made acquaintance with the parents of my boyfriend for the a first time. They spoke Limburgian (a dutch dialect) and one of my a first remarks was that I disliked Limburgian dialect.
Adultery with the girlfriend of a friend of mine, of which he a learned.
I confused a girl with another.
Did not finish homework.
When I failed the M.S.C exam.
When some unforgiving acquaintance dragged up an old and rather a embarassing situation from my past.
[ When I acted against my mind or conscious.]
In the traffic I insulted a man who crossed my way. Afterwards I a paired with him, and felt shame because of mine lack of pacience a and ridiculous attitude.
Sincerely I'm a very timid guy and so even in very simple a situations sometimes I am ashamed.
I was nailed. I lied in connection with a book which I took from a the library, because I had to keep it for a longer time.
After I had given the wrong answer to my students they pointed a it out to me and I had to correct myself.
We where in a bar and my friend had a fight with some guys who a were in the table aside.
When I was a child: I had told my mother a lie and she found it a out.
Exaggerating certain circumstances, wrong attitude and evaluation a of these circumstances.
When I was ten years old a classmate laughed at me because I had a told him that my father had retired.
The day my boyfriend saw and touched my breasts when I was a without my shirt, only with my pants.
The first time that I caressed a girl, I was about thirteen and a she was eighteen.  I noticed that it did not affect her at all.
When I was detained one day in school, by the vice-principal, for a indiscipline.
When I was young my mother told the neighbour that I had wet the a bed.  I felt ashamed thinking that the neighbour's children would a get to know about it.
Teacher suspected me stealing money.
When after having had sexual intercourse with a friend, I thought a that he had told about it to a friend of his.
Telling a lie.
In the past I experienced this feeling almost all the time - a wherever I went, in different sutuations. I was small and I had a to be taken to kindergarten, but me the fool didn't dare to tell a exactly where, finally as a result I was late.
When I failed to answer a simple question.
Insulted by a woman in public.
Went to a lecture about Chinese history and hear about the Opium a War.
My third grade teacher caught me cheating on a spelling test. I a couldn't spell Australia and she said in a loud voice something a like "We don't have cheaters in my class".
When I was going downhill on skis, and fell down twice the first a time.
I was very ashamed when I was neglected by a certain friend whom a I was thinking loved me very much.
Failing an examn.
Once in a public ladies room, I opened the door of a cubicle that a was taken, although it was not locked.
I had a girlfriend in the same class I was. I did not do well in a my Exams, but she did satisfactorily well and was taken into a another class leaving me behind.
[ Can not think of anything.]
I told my primary teacher I hadn't done my homework as my mother a was in a car accident. My teacher rang that night to see how my a mother was - she was fine i.e. no accident !
While intoxicated I invaded someone's (a girl's) personal space a to a large extent.
When I try to lie.
I thought of myself as being clumsy when I made love for the a first time with a girl.
When I went to meet the family of my boyfriend in a party in his a house. His mother was eager to know me and all his friends ready a to make jokes about the situation.
When I did not inform my friends of my forthcoming birthday.
Whenever I am late, I feel ashamed of myself even though no one a tells me anything.
I saw a terrible accident happen and I laughed a lot of the a fright and because I was nervous.
When I made a fool at an examination.
My grades. When my parents say, "How are you doing at school, a getting good grades ?" I say, "Great, just fine !" Actually, I a feel ashamed about myself.
I was drinking a glass of wine and eating something when there a suddenly appeared pictures about the famine in some parts of a Africa.
I was in my room, I just heard that my Uncle had been caught in a somebody's house with somebody's wife. He had to appear in court. a I went to see what would happen to him.
I always feel ashamed when I do not succeed in accomplishing a something in which I had put in all my efforts.
Once I arrived two hours late to my work place (a bank) and I was a still feeling feeble and tired.
A mishap suffered on misinterpreting a girl's proposition.
The last time I had to phone the Registry, after having called a them so many times in the last few days.
I once felt shame when I failed to fulfil the promise to marry a a daughter of a certain gentleman.
A friend of mine has not very much money. Therefore, once I a stayed with him and his girlfriend, I bought some meat, but nobody a wanted to go and prepare it for dinner. My friend said "I thought a you wanted to invite us for dinner". "Of course", I said, but I a thought by myself that it must have been enough that I had bought a it.
In a school parting we agreed to go to a restaurant. a We met at school and we separated us in several cars. My car a broke and we arrived late. All those who already had arrived a stand up and applauded us when we entered two hours late. a All the restaurant attention was turned on us.
Ctiticized by teachers in public.
A few months back I had gone to my friend's place and they offered a me tea and coffee.  I do not have the habit of drinking tea or a coffee and so they offered me a glass of milk instead, so I felt ashamed.
I had reacted angrily at a friend for no fault of his.  I had a raised my voice and had not cared for his opinion.
I think that the only time I really felt shame was when I was a very young and I had to defecate on the street.  I was very a worried in case someone should see me.
I had borrowed some money and I exceeded the time-limit.
After lot of explanation, to fail in my work.
I fell outside the door of my house.
When I found a letter addressed "To Mum" by my son, 6 months a later, he begged me not to sell his new shoes which he messed up a after wearing them for the first time.
When I was a child I played my mother a nasty trick to make her a feel hurt.
I did not do the homework that the teacher had asked us to do.  I a was scolded immediately.
China cannot give your lectures bigger place and sound system.
Not doing well in the examn.
When I refused to fetch water for my aunty while she was busy.
When some of my close friends and colleagues talk about me and a my work and say that I am the brightest student of the college.
I entered the wrong room, and got into a bed where someone a already was sleeping.
Cannot remember such a situation.
The first time I slept at my boyfriends house and had to walk a down the hall to the shower in front of his housemates. I felt a they were judging me.
On the train a drunk person touched my baby and I reacted very a disapprovingly.  I felt ashamed later as the person had not been a aggressive though he could have been.
I was to take part in a cocktail party on the occasion of our a national holiday as a servant.
Cheating in a minor geography exam at school.
When I was given detention at secondary school.
When I had not done well in Geography at my MCE I was expected to a get more than I did.
Insulted by a teacher in front of the class.
I had to pay a fine because of speeding.
I lost my temper at my mother while she was teaching me.  I felt a ashamed and sorry at having hurt my loving mother.
My grand father caught me eating his private jelly bean supply.
I did bad on a test I didn't study for.
When people next to me play the fool.
The shame came when I was beaten by my teacher at school in front a of boys and girls some of whom were my friends and a girlfriend a apart from being classmates.
Not finishing my duty as a class leader.
Not being able to hand in homework in time.
During an argument an acquaintance accused me of having insulted a her parents by having had sex in their house which they a overheard.
Failing in an examn because of lazyness.
My inability to assert myself positively in a group.
[ ....has not really happened.]
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
When I confessed to my girl-friend (now my wife) that I had a betrayed her with another woman.
That my brother and father are into alcohol, two men with a priviledge. Not using it positively.
When I was young I was playing football near my parent's house a and while playing I fell on the ground. At first I thought I was a not seen by anybody, but when my mother laughed I felt very a ashamed.
I had gone to aa bookshop to buy some books.  Somehow, I got very a cross with the security guard checking through what I had bought. a  I lost my temper and screamed at him.  Later I felt very ashamed a at myself as a lot of people I know were there.
When I walked out of my room with only my pants on and found my a girlfriend and her female friend looking for me outside.
I was once chatting with friends. Then some boys came and joined a us. These boys took all my 3 friends away and I was left alone in a shame without knowing where to go from there.
I cannot remember a situation in which I felt ashamed. I was a eating with some people and a little boy I took care of. I warned a him often not to knock down his glass of mild. When I took a out his chair I knocked down my own glass.
When I broke the piggy bank of my brother and my mother a discovered that.
I felt something akin to shame after a heavy night of drinking, a along with waking up with a woman I had just met whose husband a was an epileptic. I was later to know that she knew my mother.
My father was very angry with another man in the presence of my a friends.
Once I answered my father rudely.
I lied to a friend.
When I swindled money out of someone.
Did not finish homework.
I was ashamed with my biology lecturer when he asked me a a question and I could not answer it.
When my mother surprised me while masturbating.
[ Generally, when I am late in attending to matters (for example a paying bills).]
At a carneval-party I smooched with a man - some days later I was a rather ashamed for that.
Upon returning from a journey of about two weeks duration, I a found that a collection of pornographic literature had been a removed from my room I had previously thought that no one was a aware of the existence of this material.
When given responsibility to grade papers in elementary school, I a cheated a little and graded my own higher.
When the class leader read out the names of those chosen for the a English lecture and I was not on the list.
When I talked maliciously about a colleague at work to someone a else.  Immediately afterwards I felt ashamed.
My friend told me in a fairly loud voice the blunders she a committed last night.
A person (a male) told me that he liked me.  He has a problem, he a is a homosexual.
I was supposed to do something and didn't. The person was really a dependiong on me.
Some persons, who are important for me, came to see me and I had a not washed the dishes.
On a social occasion, I noticed that I reacted on the basis of my a autonomous nerve system (I could not help it).
My first girlfriend. I had the feeling that she was going out a with me only because of my defect.
When my mum learnt that I had beaten up someone in a fight.
I felt ashamed when I was confronted by a teaching assistant that a a close friend and I were accused of cheating on a math exam.
When I failed the twelveth standard exams I was ashamed at a having to see my parents later.
I was working in a job in which I could not work quickly enough, a and was told that my work was not up to standard.
Swearing in public.
I was really shameful when my mother beat me in the presence of a my friends because I didn't cook lunch up until 2 o'clock.
When I promised to help a friend over a weekend and did not keep a the promise.
I was alone in the bus when I tripped and fell, and dropped all a my papers.
When I was caught stealing money from my father.
I felt it when I felt that I was being observed as an object of a pleasure (sexual) when I opened and took off a shirt in a a classroom at P.V.C.
During my Highschool time I was chairman of the student's a comitee. In this function I once had to make a speech to a large a audience and I was very nervous. After three sentences I forgot a my text.
I ate very fattening food in front of my boyfriend who would like a me to lose weight. I am supposedly pursuing a modelling career a but first I must lose weight. I had been trying to diet.
My mother had just been teaching me how to crochet, which is a thought highly improper for a boy in a town.  Just when we a finished, a neighbour walked in.
When I was teasing a girl, who turned out to be my brother's a dame.
I forgot to zip up my trousers, this was not noticed by anyone.
In school I was very bad in running long distances and my a class-mates laughed at me for this reason.
During the English lesson we were required to do a play.  A few a days after doing it the teacher asked us to do it again at a meeting  a and I forgot my part.
On one occasion whilst engaging in horseplay with my girlfriend, a I caused her to be physically harmed.
Following heavy stirring / ridiculing a close friend who was a very vulnerable to such attack - inspiring fierce, defensive a counter-attack.
Cannot recall the emotion with any force.
I made a comment and it was interpreted completely differently a from what I had meant.  When I said it I realized how my mother a had understood it.
When I had slept with a boy for the first time I felt ashamed for a three reasons. First, because I was only 13 years old, second, a because I did not really like him, third, because he had caught a me napping.
I insulted my friend for a small reason and after time I realised a that I was wrong and felt ashamed; everytime I meet her I feel a ashamed.
I had a short lasting sexual relationship with someone I didn't a love.
A day when I was getting out of the shower I covered only the a front part of my body with a towel (I was 7 years old), and I a didn't see that my cousin was in the room.
When I have suffered a terrible fit of eating, that frequently a occurs. Then I eat everything, I act like a glutton I eat big a amounts of food, sometimes even half a loaf.
When I was in lower six I joined an interview group to a interview the general public.  One of my friends in the group a lost her purse and she was very nervous.  Five of us had to go a another place so we left her, and planned to see her later.  Then a I heard her describing how her purse looked.  I realized that I a had seen her purse on the floor and had not wanted to do any a thing about it.
[ I do not remember when I last felf ashamed.  I do not usually a feel ashamed of what I do.]
When I failed Psychology examination when most of the students a passed.
When I asked my classmate to teach me to do my homework, he asked a me to study by myself first but I did not do it.  When he asked me a  if I had studied, I felt very ashamed.
When I am in an auditorium with people and I ask a silly question a so that everyone starts to laugh.
Each time the professor asks me a question in class.
I met a woman who was looking for our house. She stopped me but I a ran away. When I arrived at home I found the same woman and she a told my parents what had happened so I felt ashamed.
I was worried by a task related to my studies which had to be a done in groups of two.  I was talking about it to my friends when a I said something negative, in too abrupt a manner, concerning my a work partner.  I did not quite mean what I said and I felt a ashamed at having been mean enough to criticize him as he is also a a friend of mine.
Doesn't apply.
It was a shameful moment when I heard that I had failed my a Primary School leaving Certificate Exam in 1978. My girlfriend a was there when the news was released.
When I went to the sauna for the first time and there were men a and women.
I was ashamed to tell my mother that I fell down with a bicycle.
When I was a child, I had a medical check-up. I had to undress a myself and was examined by several doctors.
When I state things with great positiveness and try to convince a others, and it appears that my statement is not right.
Participating in a theft several years ago.
When I was a child it was found out that I had taken off my a clothes outdoors.  It was summer and my friend and I were out a in the woods.  It had felt exciting at that time.  My parents a discovered that my trousers were back to front and I felt a ashamed.
When I got very low marks in one of the assignments.
When I stayed on a nudism beach, a man was watching me in a a disagreeable way. I had the feeling that he was examining my a body.
I thought I would be able to use the mangle of the house, and so a I did not want any help.  However, I blocked it and I had to get a the janitor to help me out.  He reproached me for not having a followed the instructions
The 2nd time someone I had met cared for came over to my house I a was absolutely inebriated and was sick into a bucket.
Criticized in front of the class.
When I lied to my best friend about a boy she really liked but he a didn't like her. I told her he did and she bugged him for a long a time embarrassing herself.
Equivocal situation when filling a security questionnaire on a entering a government building with several people there.
When I arrived late at the job and met the most troublesome boss.
My son was apprehended for shoplifting at the age of 14. Because a I too had been apprehended at the same age I felt the shame of a not having been able to prevent my son from acting in the same a way.
I could not finish my homework on time.
I could have died when I was caught cheating on a test in high a school. That was my first and last time.
I scolded my sister without waiting for her explanation.
When I failed some tests my first year at CAL.
When my co-resident opened the bathroom door while I was bathing a inside.
Nearly caught masturbating.
Shame of being reprehended.
My companion admired me when I did some work voluntarily.
I was ashamed when my classmates discovered that I fell in love a with an uneducated girl.
When I overslept for the second time on the day I had an a examination.
Not doing well in the examn.
I ride my motorbike in my village and everyone stares at me as if a I was a rare specimen.
At the funeral of my uncle, I was one of the bearers.  I was not a familiar with the etiquette and acted tactlessly because of my a ignorance.
I liked a boy and I would feel shy and then blush.  The more I a wanted to avoid it the more I blushed.
When I first had a sexual intercourse.
Failed in a piblic argument.
When as an 8 year old, I wet myself in school.
When my boy-friend left me and I wanted to persuade him to stay.
I got into a tight pair of trousers and examined myself in the a mirror.  My back looked unpresentable and I felt ashamed at my a wanting to wear those clothes that day.  I quickly changed into a another dress.
When I told my sister I had slept with my boyfriend, and she at a first was mad at me I then felt shame for this act, but not a guilt.
When I went to a halloween party and had to walk through a shopping a center dressed like a witch.
I am ashamed of the way my father behaves with my mother and a sister, and with me too.
[ I have felt shame but am unable to remember any particular a incident.]
At a meeting with over one hundred people, they decided who had to speak a from the stand by drawing lots.
When I told a lie to a friend of my sister on April fool's day.  a She later came to see me and told me that it was a very foolish a thing to do.
I experienced long ago when I was sightseeing Bulgarians in a a foreign language.
When a friend told me a story and I stayed dumb because I had no a story to tell.
Sending pictures home when I'd put on so much weight.
When I was in a religious school my teacher showed me up in front a of all my class-mates.  They were very sarcastic and cruel.
I was wearing a slit tight dress at a disco and it burst open.
A teacher spent a lot of time helping me without wanting to be a paid for it. For the exam I didn't got a good grade and I felt a ashamed.
After a party I spent the night with a friend. We both were a drunk, the morning was disillusioning. A friend was me leaving a the room and I felt shabby and immoral.
Soiled my short trousers with faeces.
Meeting other friends who got in the good universities.
When I could not hold my bladder while making a telephone call a and ended up wetting myself.
This morning I spent a lot of time on my toilet and missed the a train to the university.  My mother told me that I spent more a time than a woman on my toilet.  I felt a mixed emotion of shame a and anger.
Not doing my share of the work for the house job.
As a small boy, I took a coin from an empty taxi cab.  My mother a saw it and told the driver about it.  I even knew the driver.
I fell down in the bus when it braked suddenly and everybody a started looking at me.
When I forgot my mother's birthday.
In the classroom we discussed with the teacher. He told me things a that affected directly in a negative way my job and my behavior a in the classroom in front of the other pupils.
China not winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympics.
When I was 6 or 7 years old, I pulled down the trousers of a a friend because I wanted to know what she looked like. My mother a watched that and (as a punishment) sent me into the house. We a never spoke about that; I think it was as embarassing for her as a it was for me.
Being caught by parents in a compromising situation with a girlfriend.
I drink wine too often.
When bathing at surf beach & lost togs.
In an express bus I sat on a seat meant for senior citizens and a invalids.
I was running in front of a crowd when I slipped and fell on a a wet lawn.
Some weeks ago I experienced a day that everything went wrong I a broke several things I felt very ashamed for I am not a sloven.
Getting slightly intoxicated at the 1984 I.C.C. Ball.
I was walking one day and I met a man who wanted to ask me about a my brother but I didn't stop to hear what he was saying. I was a ashamed when I found him at home and he told my brother what had a happened.
When money was stolen from my pocket.
I fell off a bike in the presence of a lot of people.
When someone pointed out that I was proud, yet I didn't dress up a properly. This was when I and my friend went for a dnce one a Saturday.
At primary school, when I vomited in front of others in the middle  a of a lesson.
When I was in F4 I led my class to a riot.  However the form a master said that my conduct was good and asked me to tell him the a names of those who had taken part in it.   I replied that I did a not know.
When a certain drunk man slapped my buttocks when I was quietly a standing waiting for a bus.
My elder brother and I have not always had a good relationship a and I feel ashamed of myself as I do not call him to talk to him a nowadays.
When somebody suddenly said something (about me) at a wrong a moment and I didn't agree (at that exact moment I was needing an a extremely positive word).
[ Never felt the emotion.]
Arguing about price with private shop-assistant.
Not doing well in an examn which was easy.
When I had to act alone a character for a public (40 people).
I tried to swindle a jeweller because my watch was broken and I a wanted to have it repaired it was a pity but they detected it.
I had not punched a ticket in the bus because I had a card. But a when the ticket-collector came it turned out that I had forgotten a it. The shame I felt was great though it was not done on purpose.
I am ashamed of the horrible way I used to treat my little a sister.
When I gave water to the plants of a friend. Then one plant fell a over, and a little statue broke. I, of course, had to tell him a everything.
I just opened the bathroom without knocking not knowing that a someone was bathing inside, it happened to be my father.
I failed an exam which I thought I would certainly pass.
When I wasn't well prepared for a terminal exam and the teacher a tried to give me a three by asking me some very easy questions. I a burned with shame then.
People impolite with me because I did not get a good report.
When I woke up after a night of drinking I couldn't remember and a discovered several untoward things had occurred.
I lied to my best friend and I wouldn't reform what I had done.
When I contacted a sexually transmitted disease and the a lecturer came to know about it as it was he who treated me for a it.
I had obviously done the work badly but my class-mates of the a student's association did not blame me, they helped me do the a work.
A patient, to whom I had given a powerful medicine, shouted at me a in front of many people.  I realized that he did so because he a was very ill.
I had been telling lies and people discovered instantly that I a was telling lies. I felt very shameful and I felt like a disappearing from people.
When I was dismissed from a job after having been accused of theft.
The mother of a small child found me shaking the child in a exasperation, because I couldn't get it to sleep.
A month ago I turned in an English paper in late after I had a already had a previous paper late and promised not to do it a again.
When I just took a shower with a girl down the hall. I felt that a I had let my devotion to God go out the window. Although nothig a happened I felt ashamed.
I wrote a letter to my father to ventilate my bottled up a feelings. Afterwards I thought it was too negative.
My father was a member of the public Alcohol and Drugs Board, a when I was picked up by the police for being drunk in a public a place.
No specific instances - perhaps having lied as a child resulting a in someone else being blamed for the event.
I was taking place in an anti nuclear protest and was shouting a protest loudly to some American sailors of the U.S. Texas a submarine. A guy came up to me and said that's your brother a screaming at, I felt shame and I realized screaming at another a person isn't good protesting. Now I'm a silent protester.
I was walking outside the union refec after rain when I tripped a and fell.
At school - being whipped by the teacher in front of the class.
When I stole a packet of cigarettes from a neighbour  and the a next day I owned up and returned it.
When I went for the first time in my life to a nudist-beach.
When I went to a sauna with my father for the first time (I was a 16). When I entered the sauna naked, I felt ashamed for a short a time.
We had arranged a beach party with 20 people. There my father got a drunk I felt very ashamed.
