When I met a good friend of mine after a long time.
When I received a letter of acceptance to CAL.
My first feeling of falling in love.  Coming across a person who a made me feel love, happiness, joy, giving me a new and beautiful a future, who made me dream.
When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the a examinations she was about to take.
My first kiss.
When passing the final examinations for social worker.
I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played a games and talked all evening.
I had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends.
In the army, my result at the shooting exercises got a me a three day furlough.
When I was admitted to the Chinese universiity.
After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had a got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he a feels glad.
When I pass an examination which I did not think I did well.
When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my a second year.
When I was admitted to the Sofia University.
In summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy.
Receiving notification that I had made a successful application a to the Speech Therapy course at Uni, gave me a very good feelig a of achievment and joy.
When I found out I had passed all of my university exams.
Went to a movie with a date, walked on the beach (in Alameda) a spent some time afterwards in her apt.
Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great.
At my sister's wedding.
The more than satisfactory result of a recently-completed a university subject was communicated to me by phone.
Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very a close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes.
My admittance to the University.
My parents came to visit me.
I met a dear friend of mine after a long time.  I expressed my feelings a in our own usual way, by mutual scolding and abusing (with a complete understanding) and by touching, patting and taking the a hand of the other person, etc...
When my brother gave me a watch.
When I passed the university entrance exam.
I was studying in the library and a class-mate told me that she a had obtained a grant to work in the library.
After a one year's stay abroad, I returned home. I was even more a glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me.
I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God.
After being away on a holiday for 2 months, a friend, who lived a interstate, had remembered when I'd get back and phoned to a welcome me home on the night of my arrival.
As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback.  When the a atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists.
I was in hospital, and then was visited by someone quite a unexpected.
I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually.  I was the a leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him.  He did not a want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it.  a Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got a good results at school.
Good dinner on the National Day.
I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working a place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at a the Higher Agricultural Institute.
When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to a be a Chinese university student, I was excited as I had longed a for it.
When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film a marathon I wanted to see.
When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I a needed to buy something I had been planning to buy.
I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the a University. I was at home, the atmosphere was still, though I a myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When a the telephone rang and...! Yes, of course there were other a situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of a them.
Watching the Asian Olympic game (China winning).
My class winning against another class in a football match.
When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid a look stupid.
I received the message that I'd been accepted at the school where I a really wanted to go.
My son was born.
I have a girlfriend, who is almost like a daughter to me.  She is a studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year.  a Her arrival is always a joyous one.
It was Saturday, my duties were over for a few hours and I could a at last be with the people I wanted to see.
I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long a time.
Family member survived an operation.
The birth of my child.
When I entered University.
A person with whom I had been on bad terms, gave me a present. We a became reconciled.
Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes, a without my having asked for them.  She told me that when she saw a the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me.  I really a liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for a me.
I was joyful when I received a present (2 books and a pencil) a from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed, I became a No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour.
Selling my used car.
I worked at a lawyer's office during Summer and I got a very a good reference from him.
Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for a one question (the question was graded by the professor and he a indicated he liked my answer).
When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly.
When I had a psychical crisis, I met a girl, who told me that she a had had almost the same problems and how she had finally overcome a them.
When I was successful at my work I was full of joy.
That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly a 9,000 people attended in all the three regions of Malawi. My joy a came after hearing on the radio that I was one of the people a selected to undergo the Medical Assistant training at the a L.S.H.S.
When I passed an exam.
When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday.  a Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned.  It works out a well and we enjoy ourselves.
This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to a start Form I in October 1980.
When I got my drivers licence.
On meeting an old friend of mine.
I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade a eight.
Discussing psychology with my friends before the lecture.
I was in a dancing-tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting a for the end of the world.  Suddenly people began dancing wildly, a inspired by the band.  An unbelievable experience : wonderful a that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think "what a others are thinking of me".  It was delightful to dance to one's a heart content.
Joy at meeting a woman I love very much.
When I got a letter from home.
When I attended the concert of a pop singer.
I got a fairly large amount of my taxes back.
My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they a adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport.
Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for a pharmacy completed.
Had a letter from my father (usually he does not write to me).
Having received an offer to do post-graduate work.
When I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been a successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant a training course. I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by a dancing to music from the Radio cassette.
I had a picnic with old classmates, we chatted and played games.
After a long time I saw my boy-friend again.
After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I a passed my last exam.
Talking to a close friend.
When I passed the university entrance exam.  I had thus finished a with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one a which I had desired a lot.
The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of a economics.
Found out that the girl I love loves me, too.
My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly, I was a very happy not so much for the presents but because they seemed a to care for me.
A party with no worries (i.e. no tests homework etc.) many a friends were present and good music.
A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and a invited me for a party.
When I passed and qualified for the university.
When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar, a after baving tried for a long time.
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary a school leaving certificate exam.
When my nephew was born. The birth was hard, it was a big baby.
I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks.  I was very a happy when I came to know about my marks at the M.Sc (part I) a examination where I got 71.5%.  This was the highest marks I have a ever scored in my life.
Getting the top price in the football pools.
When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although a I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near.
Renewed contact with an earlier friend.
When my girl and I decided to get back together after our a separation.
New year's eve 1983/1984, I met my girlfriend.  We stood on the a steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the a first time.
I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading.
When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing a well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd a taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last a 3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for a Council.
When I got my B.A degree with first class.
When my sister was born.
I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my a friend and my fiance, I was happy because of their spiritual and a moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then, a I felt it in my soul.
A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in a England.  She had not written to me in a very long time but it     a showed that she still remembered me.
When I heard that a good friend, who had been abroad for a long a time, would come and see me.
When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football a and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought a our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no a one expected we would win.
When my father was saved from a severe work accident.
A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved, a sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday.
One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to a somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad.
I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind a at school and I was only in form II then.
I unexpectedly got a present from my father.
On the cliff by the sea, the silence and the sudden voice of a a bird.(swans of the bay)
When I received the acceptance letter from UNZA.  I had just a come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe a which I opened and was overcome with joy.
When they phoned me from Great-Britain to tell me that I could go a there, if I wished, in Summer.
When my father managed to begin a "new life" after the divorce a from my mother; resulting in a new little sister for me.
I got a present from a great friend (a dog).
Inter-national sports events won by my favourite national team or a player brings me joy, e.g when India won the World cup cricket a match.
I was on holidays, and I was going to meet a friend whom I had a not seen for six months.  Again I felt very happy.
When I got a small present form a person I like very much.
The day the results of the university entrance exam was a published, I found my candidate number and I was very excited.
A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than a me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her a own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship).
[ Any situation in everyday life has this emotional sense, in a class, in the street, at home, at the table..........]
[ When I have achieved what I wanted to achieve, I feel the above a stated emotion. Also when I am sucessful.]
When I was in the sauna bath.
Going to a friend's wedding and seeing many of my old friends a whom I had known before I moved to a new district five years a previously.
When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at a Kasungu town Hall.
Relating to my closest family.
When I won a tennis match.
I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass.  I rejoyced a at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies a depended on it.
My 21st birthday celebration, when I cut the cake and received a the presents.
Reading a nice book and talking about it to my friend.
When I finished the work that I had planned to do - my homework.
I noticed that Meryl Streep and I had similar cheekbones and jaw a structure.
When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was a unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not a surpass my abilities, as I have sometimes thought.
The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a a Medical course at the Lilongwe School for Health Sciences.
When my sister - after a history of one abortion and one a stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy.
I felt happy when I saw my brother at the bus depot after 3 a months without seing each other.
When I had a good result in the certificate examination.
Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told a me that although he told me he was going to take me to the a concert, he didn't want to see me anymore. After that we stayed a overnight and I said "well, when he leaves me I will be ruined a for awhile, but for now we're together." I woke up in his arms a and it was the happiest moment of my life.
Finding out I was chosen for the English lectures.
It was when a friend took me to a place and gave me as a gift my a astrologycal map with the explanations of a psychologist.
I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had a not seen for two years.
My joy was the joy of meeting again.  My husband came home after a having been away for weeks (for work).  I was on the railway a station to meet him.
I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate a result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure 4-5 a times.  Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck.
Relatives visiting me.
When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the a university of Zambia.  This was after my form five at Chikola a secondary school.
When my brother was born.
When I passed my B.A exams.
Getting my accentance letter from CAL.
My mother, sister and I were thinking about old times, our a childhood, and we had a very happy time.
That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the a higher level as fast as possible.  I opened the envelope very a carefully and found that my results were much better than I a had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university.  My a diligence had paid and I was very happy.
When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a a period in which he felt very depressive.
I got an A in anatomy - the first one I have ever gotten in a a science class here.
The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and a joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she a had a child.
I received a wedding invitation from an ex-flatmate, enclosed was a a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had a arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the a flat.
When I passed the B.A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on a my studies and do a M.A. , I was very happy.
[ A successful lesson.]
In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard, we had arranged a small a picnic in Kandala.  One of my closest friends wrote a small and a cute poem for me, which expressed the feeling of closeness we had a for each other.  I was very thrilled and I can still remember it.
I felt joy when I entered at the University.
After 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again.
When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to  a graduate from their courses.
When my last year's second semester results came through - I was a ecstatic.
A good report card (a scholarship) in primary school.
Finding out that I am not ill (not seriously).
When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had a hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night a out in 20 years.
I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I a have done things good in relation to other people especially when a my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him.
When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And a most important she also liked me.
My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make-up a on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two a mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good, a it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house.
When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of a separation.
When I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour.
When I was with someone I love.
When I passed a very important exam.
I remember my religious experience.  During  a gospel camp, a few a friends of mine decided to believe in God.  The joy that I felt a at that time was more than words can express.  I blessed them and a praised God in my heart.
I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship a grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found a out how he felt about me.
A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation, and everything a turned out fine.
The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression, a as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I don't exclude the a situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me, it's a out of me.
My 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984.
During the exam period I studied in the library alone.  A close   a friend of mine, who is also a classmate, told me that my a application for a Japanese inter-cultural exchange programme had a been accepted.  I was not very sure as I did not know that the a list had been declared.  I ran to the board and saw that I was a really included in the list.  I was so excited that I smiled all a day long.  When I met my classmates and friends I told them the a good news.  I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my a studies. a
One of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant. It was a spontaneous and lots of fun.
When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment a "myself" i.e on my own initiative.
Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia (I a will contribute to China's catching up with the West in a neuropsychology).
When I knew the feelings of a beloved person.
I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was a worried about how well I had done.  I was very happy to know that I a had passed.
The time I qualified to enter secondary school.
Getting into this university to do medicine.
First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best a friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved a emotionally.
When I won an unexpected sum of money.
Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian a Olympic.
After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had a passed all my written examinations.
When I won the best prize in the National science fair.
This happened a year when I was having a hard time, I got a admission to do research despite obstacles in the procedure of admission.
I had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm.  a We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern a of my friends.
At the pre-university, I was appreciated as an examplary a student by our pricipal.  This is something which made me feel a very happy.
I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female a friend after not seeing her for two weeks.  We rejoyced, hugged a and had a long talk.
When my first niece was born.
I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I a was delighted.  It was wonderful to see familiar, dear people and a I was rejoycing in advance.  I had been feeling very lonely.
When I got a record as a gift from a friend.
My best friend chosen for your English lectures.
I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I a was completely healthy.
When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks a overtime.
After attending a song contest proposed by a band called "Chyne" a we (6 of us) waited for the members of the band to greet us in a front of the stage.  We went out after a few minutes as it was a time to close the hall.  We had been waiting at the entrance hall a for ten minutes when three of the band members came out.  They a were very excited to see us, one of them was so excited that he a had tears in his eyes.  We felt very warm and close to each a other.  They took us back into the hall and we talked freely.  We a were together for about an hour and during this time we felt a that they were very sincere.
When I received my promotion letter.
On our way to France, my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By a chance we met an Italian couple - they gave us two tickets for a the dress-rehearsal of "Aida". It was a different world for us a full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic a pizza in a restaurant near the "Arena".
When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the a Bachelor Degree in Plychology.
[ A chat on the telephone with a friend.]
It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my a M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the a event.
I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first a year examination and was among the thirty students who would a major in economics.
I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that a I had been selected to come to Lilongwe School for Health a Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat.
After several days delay in my girlfriend's menstration I was a very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative.
When seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while.
When my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date.
When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult a education course.  We had not met for 2 years but had both thought a a lot about each other.  A wonderful experience.a
I feel joy usually after each taken exam, the last one was in a February.
When India won the Prudential cup by beating West-Indies in the a final match and became the world cricket champion.  West-Indies a was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in a the competition.
My current lover and I had been very busy with work and study and a had not had time alone together for almost a month until one a afternoon recently when we made love for hours and then showered a and ate together.
Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They a were special people to me.
I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for a a long period, my father came back home.
When I met my mother after months of absence.
I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long a period of bad beather, afterwards we spent the evening and night a together.
I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been a classified in a national concourse of p... I felt happy and a vanity about it.
When I met a friend that I hadn't seen for some time.
The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call a from Eve's Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of a the All India Essay competition.  I had won this prize when I was a an under-graduate when even post graduates had participated.  I a had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists.
When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male a creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart a for all her life.
I was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job.
When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and a brought some flowers and cake with him.
When I learned, after the ecography, that my mother was expecting a a baby girl.  That was what I wanted.
I am a school teacher. At a teacher-parent meeting I received a a good deal of positive feed-back on my work both from the parents a and through them from the pupils.
I felt very happy when I won the football pools.
China winning the Asian Olympic games (TV).
I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be a announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results a were released. I had succeded - tension was relieved by joy.
When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend, coming back a home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time.
When I won a trip to Greece in a competition.
When my special friend said "I love you" for the first time.
I was in grade 7.  We had an inter-house volley-ball competition. a  In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored  a the winning goal using my head.  I jumped up with joy and fell a down.
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a a University course.
When I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy.
My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the a music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of a going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for a admission.
Scoring a goal in football match.
Meeting an old friend from high school.
A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too a because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I a feel joy for her mainly.
Always when I meet the person I love.
When I qualified for form I.  I was one of the three pupils who a qualified for form I that year.
It was about a fortnight ago, I was declared successful in the a U.G.C exam this year (only four in Bombay succeeded).  My joy a knew no bounds.
After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK, Gottenburg and a got a good write up in the paper.
When I won some coins in a small competion.
When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of a medicine.
When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very a good and we were very satisfied.
I received a letter of acceptance from UNZA.
When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank a and danced.
When I was acceptted as a student of psychology.
When my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and a soul.
Begining the week-end with my girlfriend : cozyness, beer and a wine.
My last genetices midterm - a decent grade.
My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before a having finished my studies.
When my elder brother, who had gone abroad to study  for six a years, came back home safe and in good health.
I felt joy when my two twin sisters were born.
When I was 17, I had a mystic vision. I melted into a dazzling a light, which omitted perfect love. The physical experience became a unimportant, I heard or saw the words "overcome egotism". The a feeling of joy remained for month after that experience.
When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after       a a long illness.  I had thought that this illness would never end.
When I received the acceptance form for the second year at a university.
When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought a the cloth after months of hindrances.
When I passed the driving test (on the second try).
When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my a school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was a extremely official.
When we got a young dog.
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to a come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing.
Seeing a close friend who had just returned from twelve months a overseas.
After my vacations, one day after a lecture it occured to me to a buy a rose for my mother.  We went together to a pub and my a mother told me that she would be getting married next Spring.  I a did not known about it and so was all the more glad.
During lectures, I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy a I did not know.  We exchange glances ; I think he likes me, and I a like him too.  Perhaps he has fallen in love with me .........
Unexpectedly I met some persons who I like very much. a Spontaneously they invited me and integrated me within their a group, although it was late in the evening.
I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying a colours and that I had made it to the university.
For a few days I felt very miserable, distressed and listless, a with crying fits. When this was over I felt very happy, although a there was no special reason.
Watching China winning the Asian Olympic games.
The time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania.
Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special a occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my a family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process a which have been going on for centuries.
After having at last finished my master's thesis, I felt great a joy and relief.  I had been haunted by the thesis during the a whole of my studies.
When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit.
When I received the first year results as the first year had a involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the a results.
When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned a my love.
During the summer I received grade cards from my TA's. I expected a a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card - I got an a A - I was ecstatic.
The begining of my relations with my current girlfriend.
When I got through the first day here at the department.
When I was selected for higher education, i.e grade 7 to formI.
I bought a Christmas present for my girl-friend. On my way home I a was really glad about having found such a suitable thing.
I won a car in a prize-competition. The moment I was informed a about it, I felt joy.
At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my a friend.
I was "best man" at my brother's wedding a year ago.
In Southern Tyrol, I was gathering apples, it was a fine day, I a was not thinking about anything, I felt an overwhelming joy.
I found myself a place after looking for one for a long time.
When I was told that I had passed the exams.
When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel a but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again.
When I passed an exam which I had failed last year.
It was the first time I met him (my boyfriend Mr.W).  It was a during the first term Summer vacations.  We met each other while a handing in our homework.  He invited me have a trip with him and a we were together till 8 P.M.
My sister gave birth to twins, healthy ones.
[ On days when I feel close to my partner and other friends.  a When I feel at peace with myself and also experience a close a contact with people whom I regard greatly.]
When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was a informed by a message and my parents congratulated me.
When my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the a rest of the family for the winter sports holiday.
I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage.
When I heard that I had passed the second year exams.
When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me, and I hadn't seen a her for 4 months.
Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I like, which a revealed that she was more enthusiastic about me than I had a thought possible.
When I fell in love with "X".  Overnight I felt confidence, self-esteem,    a responsible and worthwhile.
When I got the first compound through column.
After intercourse.
Arriving in New Zealand as a teenager - first overseas trip - a something "exhilarating" about the change of scenery etc.
A sunny Autumn day, after a long rainy period.
When I got an unexpected letter from  a guy, who had been my school a mate.
Getting a phone call from a very old friend.
A few days ago, I hitch-hiked to Arnhems with a friend. a Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly, the sun was a shining, I was feeling free and, for the first time after long a time, happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full a speed.
When I met an old schhol friend (school love) who works in a Sk+vde.
A very good friend of mine had been away for three months. When a we met again, we ran up to each other and embraced.
When I bought my car.
I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. a Because everything turned out different from my expectations. a Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a a student only when I didn't expect it at all, namely at the a beginning of September.
Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2 a fourth movement at my sister's wedding.
When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first a division.  I had been thinking that I had not done very well.
When  fell in love with my present girlfriend.
As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more a anxious.  My friend called me and said, " You have passed."  My a heart was full of joy.
I'd just got the top mark in an exam.
I received a letter from a distant friend.
When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics.
When I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks.
One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then a realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to a have them as friends.
One evening, I was with a group of friends having a talk.  There a was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere.
Unexpected visit by a close friend, whom I hadn't seen for half a a year.
When I was admitted to a certain school as a student.
Being in love for the first time.
When I passed the grade 7 exam.
[ When my performance (homework or other work) is better than others.]
When I was selected for the university.
Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second a birthday.
When I was at school, no one thought I could pass my MCE so at a the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had a passed. I was the happiest person.
I shot the decisive goal in an ice-hockey match.
I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong.  The day a the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my a candidature number.
This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination a and was selected for Secondary School.
It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on a the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept a quiet. I was so happy that I couldn't even talk.
When Christmas holiday started, I felt very joyful when I a finished my last exam.
When last year in college I received the award "Best Student of the Year", a   I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had a been fulfilled.a
When I received my report card in C.O.U.  I was afraid of obtaining a low marks, but they were much higher than expected.
The day I got married was the happiest day of my life.  Both of a us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had a no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got a engaged.
When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people a and close friends.
After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed. That a feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good a grade for an examination.
I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for a me, I was very glad.
Saw on TV China winning the gold medals.
When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time.
Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV a dealer.
I got a letter from my best friend, whom I had not heard from for a a long time (a good letter).
There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a a Medical Assistant.
I had a friend who I didn't see for a long time. We had a a relationship from much union and interaction. It was more that a one year that I didn't see her. She appeared in my home and we a talked.
When I pass exams, or when a close friend of mine recovered a from an illness,etc.
When my father bought me a suit.
I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short a time before.  He sent me a poem and wished me good luck.  I felt a very happy because I had great esteem for that person.
The joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School.
Several good friends made me a surprise visit and this made me a happy.  They are my closest friends and we had not seen each a other for a long time.
When I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a a long time.
On a boat trip to Denmark, 14 of us had a lot of fun and we a spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we a won the jackpot of SEK 1000.
When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant a Training.
When I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling a me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a a clinical pilot study.
A night spent with a group of friends.
When my daughter was born.
Getting into this university.
Hear a very nice joke made by a friend.
When I stood first in the B.A exams.  Earlier I had heard of a these boys and girls who were toppers, but when I first heard of a me having topped I could not believe it.
I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed.
The last time I had sex.
A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him.
When I had my four children.
I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free a University in Driebergen.
After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in a 1979, I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the a Examination when the results were out.
I had a little cat which was very sick. As I liked it very much I a went to a veterinary with it. He told me how to tend it and it a really recovered its health. Everybody said that I had saved its a life.
When finally I found a place to live, I felt relieved, predicting a changes in my life, and I became happy.
When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional a life. I valorized very much this aspect. People showed me this a possibility, not the real fact (even because until now ...)
After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post, I was very a happy to learn that I had got very good marks - first class.
When the result of the certificate exam was announced.  I was a surprised and happy as the result was better than I had a expected.
I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell a the apartment from GUARUSA, because in some way we were helded by a it, that means that we didn't go to any other place, because we a had the apartment.
For my parents anniversary, we hosted a party and we were very a happy.
Going to Chico to visit a friend.
When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt a well and very happy for being able to express to myself something a that was suffocating me.
When I got my B.Sc degree with first class.
Walking along the beach with a friend (another girl), talking, a picking up shells, laughing, chasing seagulls.
When my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a a moment.
A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me a from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the a time for an informal "greeting" in the church service. She said a a few words.
The weekend after I argued with my parents I went home again and a they couldn't have been nicer. As soon as I walked in, Mum kissed a me, then Dad, and thanked me for the birthday presents I'd left a for him, including a very sentimental birthday card.
After having finished my B.Sc, I was struggling hard to continue a my studies and had taken the M.SC exam.  I was not sure that I a would be selected in the written exam.  When I saw my name in the a selected candidates list I was overjoyed.
I got a job right after school was over.
The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in a it, for my fiancT and I had bought it yet in plans, and it seemed a to us that this was almost impossible to happen.
I was very happy when I passed the B.A with first class marks.
I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry a examination.
I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on a the way home.
Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from a boarding school on accrediting leave.
On my birthday I got a present that I had desired for a long a time.
Got in touch with earlier friends after a long absence.
When I met my mother after not having seen her for three years.
I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful a in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was a selected for Secondary School.
Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on a some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and a sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys a "Surfin'USA". I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL a was good. I still have it somewhat.
Managed to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply.
When I went to a job interview, I met a person who was very nice, a and his attitude made me glad.
I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and a discovered how many people considered me important to them.
I thought that someone was angry with me but, by hindsight, that a didn't appear to be the case, he even liked me.
Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage.
When my elder sister had a baby girl.  She was the first girl in a the family after 19 years of baby boys.
When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance a exam.  I thought that I had done one of the exams badly.
When my love for a guy was returned.
China winning the Asian Olympic games.
When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at a the moment I needed it. It was amicable, hearty and sincere.
Getting back with my boyfriend after a year away - apart.
Realizing one's desire, an experienced feeling of satisfaction a from the realization of one's desires and aims.
I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had a passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer.
When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final a of the Europe Cup at Athens.
I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School. a When the results were announced on the radio, I came second out a of 80 students hence I felt joy.
When I received the results from my final examination - Higher a School Certificate - and received a mark that was beyond my a wildest expectations.
When my son was born.
Time had struck 8 o'clock when I heard from the radio that I had a been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was a very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy a and full of joy.
After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's a place.
When I hooked a girl in Kitwe.  She was very beautiful for my a standards, a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend.
When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.
Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through a police.
Talking to a close friend.
I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural a Institute.
When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job, a a boyfriend, etc. A specific sutuations, was when I started to date a a boy whom I liked for a long time.
Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time.
Going to see a good film with my best friend.
At a success of mine, at a real achievement.
After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried a home hoping he would be there. We embraced - I enjoyed feeling a his body.
When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an a impulsive kiss.
I had been very weary all week - no letters, no phonecalls, no a visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese, a card a and some pocket money for me; and she told me that she was a working now.
I was captain of the school swimming team. The team was only two a points in front before the last relay. We won the relay, which I a swam in, and thus my team won the championship.
I was travelling in the South of Brasil, near the end of the a year. I was well settled with 3 friends. At the evening of 31 M., a somebody, also with us, took from his purse pints of all colours, a and the 4 of us, and other friends, that were at the same beach, a painted each other and we went to the beach with champagne.
I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be a in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep a and eat for one week.
When I was offered a high position of trust, which I later a accepted.
When I passed an important exam.
Good news about a sick relative.
When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a a long time.
The birth of my first child.
My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my a place. She saw me and ran after me. I didn't know that she had a come. I couldn't see her. She held my shoulders standing behind a me.
When I heard that I had achieved a place in form I.
I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my a boyfriend and me, it is a reoccurring feeling.
When I was accepted for my third year (G-10) at my former a secondary school.
When you are satisfied with something, when you achieve something a you have striven to.
A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to a enter on University in Dallas, and was approved.
When I qualified for form I.
I found a human "treasure" that I desired and got immediately. I a didn't think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I a am whole.
When I was selected to study here at UNZA.
When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long a separation.
When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school.
When I was selected to the university of Zambia.
When I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire.
A couple of years ago during the summer holiday, I was fishing at a a lake with my husband.  Suddenly it started raining while the a sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy, happiness a and fulfillment.  the whole nature was full of music.
The day I got a letter from the U.G.C informing me that I had a been awarded the junior research fellowship.
When I was accepted at UNZA.
When my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I a had waited a long time for this to occur.
When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to a change the working environment.
When I was with the girl I love very much, for the graduatiion a ball.
Thought had discovered true love.
I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in a an exam.  She told me that I had passed.
When I made the winning goal during a very important football a game.
This happened when I went to check my first year results, I had  a thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in a all my courses.
My friend told me he really likes me.
When I knew that there were, at last, no problems in making a a journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time.
The day when my son said for the first time "mummy".
When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often a happenes.
When I was able to buy my new car, after lots of problems.
Two years ago, somebody I like very much wanted to give up his a studies. I tried to make him understand the importance of what he a was going to do, not only of the difficulty to find a job but also a because he will decrease his culture etc. This person made the a test to the college entrance examination and to our great joy we a found out that he succeded in entering at the University.
When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing a after several months absence (I was not needed during this time).
When I realised that I was forgiven by the God who is there, when a I realised how much God loves me and that my acceptance with him a is not based on my performance - that he loves me unconditionally a and showed that love in Christ who died because I do need a forgiveness.
When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever a cared for me.  This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to a learn that it was me who was delaying things.
When I saw my brother in Church, and publically accept Jesus a Christ as his saviour and Lord.
I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much.
Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her a abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our a suprise she had a baby 2 months back.
Made a wonderfull new friend.
After having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my a scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love. I a realized that my decision was right - and was very glad.
In the underground's escalator, a youngish bum asked me for a money.  Although I did not give him anything, the fellow told me a that I was really good-looking.  A man who was in front of me a also turned to look at me.
I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress a award, while our play got the first place.
At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging a that fact to members of family and friends.
Made a wonderful driend who understands me.
When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to Lilongwe for a visit I was a very happy to see him and couldn't believe it was him with me.
I have a new born child.
During the period of falling in love, each time that we met and a especially when we had not met for a long time.
When I was admitted to the University.
Last year I passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood first a in my class.  Thus I got the first prize from the college.  I was a most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends.
Being chosen to do this experiment.
When planning to marry.
When I went for a picnic in Lonavala, I felt full of joy.
When I heard that I had made it to the second year at UNZA.
I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I a heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to a attend a wedding ceremony.
My father promoted to be a professor.
When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was a pregnant.
I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard a from a good friend (from my home town).
I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard a about it over the phone, I didn't believe it at first.
On December the 28th I was filled with Joy when I was told by my a bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at the a Lilongwe School for Health Scienced in Lilongwe.
When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school a (with success).
For the first time in my life telling someone I loved them.
I had not studied very much for my final examination at school, a so I had to take an additional examination in French. The oral a examination was not very hard for me - the more I was glad when I a heard that I had passed it.
I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the a Chinese university of H.K.  It was 7 o'clock in the morning.  a Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with a them very joyfully.
When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some a weeks.
I went to visit friends and it was very companionable.
When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me a alone for a few years.
My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very a close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought a one jacko-lantern with a new design. That is the old joke that a we have a great new design - it's always the same.
I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very a much.
I went to fetch my girl-friend at the station. When the train a arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me, I felt a glad.
Birth of children.
The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.
This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact a a few years ago.
In a day when at work, in school, and relationships came out as I a wanted, and I was recognized in my work.
When I got my first unknown compound while doing my M.Sc a research, I was very happy.  This is because my research was based a on this type of reactions and compounds.
The day I finished my military service.
A friend I had missed very much came to see me unexpectedly.
When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after a having been sick for a week.
Article published in the college newspaper.
When I got engaged to a boy of my choice.
When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to a win the Cup of England.
A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close a to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside a myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly a solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him.
My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months, this week a the physician told him that he was restored to health.
When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the a teaching staff of one of the medical colleges.
When we were able to afford a new sofa - a leather one which cost a SEK 20000.  I had waited for it for 2-3 years.
When I finished my C.S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved a because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it.
I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my a siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the a party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A a guy called and said, in effect, that I was "nice" and he liked a me. Hence the emotional joy.
When I found out I got accepted to Berkeley.
When I met again a great friend and talked a little while with a him. When I see again another I miss.
Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of a separation from summer.
When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.
When I started a relation with a girl, with whom I have fallen in a love already some time ago.
When I got the loan for my studies.
A friend which I hadn't seen for years, sent me a small present.
When I got my results - I had passed the form III exams.  I had a not expected to do so well.
Being elected as class leader.
At a friend's birthday party with some of my closest friends.  It a was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have a such good friends.
On my birthday, when a very close friend sent me a huge bouquet a of flowers.
The man I am going around with gave me a very special present.
When I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.
My friend came to see me after she had stayed abroad. I waited at a the station.
When I gave birth to a healthy boy.
When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents.
I felt joy when I passed my Malawi School Certificate of a Education.
I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the a vice-chairman of our student organisation.  I was really a surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt, though behind it a there was worry - how shall I succeed ?
When I was selected to come here.
When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a a fortnight.
After going through much shame, I became a Christian and a something new happened in my heart.  Joy that overflows was a manifest in me.
It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents a after being refused for three times on grounds that she should a first write her examination.
[ I am joyfull to be alive every night.]
Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of a Nijmegen) for a while.
After a long time (of no communication with him, physical a illness and worry) my lover came to see me, when I least expected a to see him.
When my little sister was born.
Receiving a letter from a boy I care.
When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively.
An encounter with a man whom I love, after a very long a separation.
Having passed an exam.
When I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college.
I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months. a  I saw her in a discotheque.  We do not like discotheques but we a went there because we knew we would meet there.
Football was a very big deal at my high school, so I was joyous a when my school's team won the conference championship last year.
When I was admitted to the University.
When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams, I was very a surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends.
My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really a happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me a made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another a person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she a asked me.
My girlfriend gave me some feed-back and I understood that it a meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer.
When I entered in the University after a year of struggles.
During the Christmas holidays, I met some of my old friends, a after not having seen them for six months.
I was spending the week-end with some friends.  We were waiting a for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop, a  a woman we met there told us that the coach had already left.  I a was afraid that I would not see my friend, but at last we found a him.
When I was accepted as a student at the college, not having a thought it possible.
I felt happy when my mother borrowed me the car in order to let a me go out alone for the first time.
The day I heard that I passed the high school exam.
The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving a Certificate Examinations.
When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and a I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain.
First public speaking.
After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post a graduation course, however the situation was not very favourable a for me and I was upset.  Suddenly, Bombay university offered me a a seat and I landed up in Bombay for my post graduation studies.  a This happened last year and was very pleasant for me.
Got a big fish in fishing.
I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was a not afraid to face death, that I also helped a little to relieve a the pains of a patient.
[ Being close to another person.]
When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now. This was 16 a months ago.
It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the a first time in 3 months. She's my best friend and extremely close.
On a sailing boat at night, under a full moon, listening to Pink a Floyd, drinking good wine, with good company, the boat being a steered by autopilot, and a full eclipse of the moon.
When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I a like.
Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me a emotionally.
When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many a people about my applying for this institute and I decided to a prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any a preparatory couse. That is - I proved what I could do on my own.
When I passsed the M.S.C board exams with first class, which I a had not expected.
When I was at the end-of-term party last week and had fun - was a happy and sang and drank only soft drinks.  It is possible to a have a good time without alcohol.
After each successfully passed exam I am happy.
When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of a 3's, 4's and 5's (7 is the highest mark awarded, 3 is a conceded a pass).
When two female classmates and I were having lunch, we chatted and  a cracked jokes, I was very happy.  However, I felt that I may have  a said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad  a impression of me.
I received a letter from a friend whom I was missing
I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty a days.
I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love a with me.
I didn't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a a telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which a I had been waiting.
When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a a very young age, in a very remote area and had had very few problems.
One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a a motorcycle through my own efforts.
I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not a study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult a test.
When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature a number on the admission list of the Chinese university.  I was a satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared.  I a only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded.
My boyfriend returned after a long absence.
When I finished my exams after 12th Grade, I was worried about a getting a T.E. Score high enough for Physiotherapy. When I found a that I had been accepted I was ecstatic, or more appropriately, a could jump for joy.
When I found out that the girl, with whom I was in love, loved me a too.
When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a a kindergarten.
When I received the result slip of the higher level examination a (an university entrance exam) and saw that I had a very good a possibility of being accepted into the university, I felt very a excited.
Receiving my result slip (pass) on my birthday.
I went to see the entrance examination results at university.  I a rejoyced at my success.
I watched a football match with my old friend.  The performance a of the team was very good and the team members were full of a spirit.  The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored a I felt excited.
A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on a holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go a on holiday.
When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the a night, when I came back from a long and tiring journey.
I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F.B, his  a departure was unavoidable.  When he came back during the Summer a holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us.
Being together with my best friend.
My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write a letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good a relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he a loved me.
Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two a days, and feeling I did well on them.
Talking to my close friend.
I passed an exam which I thought I had failed.
Passed the last exam.
The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for a a B.A at UNZA.  I felt happy because I had not expected to be a selected.
Bulgaria won a football match against France.
When I saw my family after a separation of one year.
I was appreciated by others, especially my family members and my a friends.
When I began dansing, the teacher came and told me that I was a very good and would soon get into the ballet academy.
Accepted by the college football team.
When, after a long time of searching I got my first job.
When I attended my cousin's 31st birthday.
My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted a to me and suggesting we write, talk and get together and see how a things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it a was really good - though really insane conversation.
When I met with friends that I hadn't seen for a long time.
When I got through the examination for my driver licence, and a when I finished I knew I had passed it.
When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would a be definately selected to the university of Zambia.
I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter a to UNZA.  This happened again when I passed all my first year a courses.
I'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most a of all when we are at a party.
Someone (a boy) paid special attention to me.
I received a grade above average on a midterm (chemistry) and I a expected onevery below average.
When I could study at university.
When I won my car.
When I asked my girlfriend to marry me.
When I get a hug from someone I love.
Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had a previously wished to understand better.
Getting into this university to do medicine.
When in the end of a semester I got the approval in a matter that a I judged very difficult.
Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I a expected.
A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to a the university.
A close acquaintace cried for me. I felt happy because somebody a cared.
My boyfriend made me a proposal.
Found out my wife (girl-friend?) pregnant.
After being depressed because of a very bad relationship, my a first love called me and told me that he would always care for me a no matter what I did.
One night, my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in a the presence of my friends by giving me a present.
When I first came to the campus.
Last year I went to see friends in Yugoslavia - two girls with a whom I get along very well.
On my birthday a friend came to see me unexpectedly and brought a me flowers. I usually do not see her very often.
Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening a around me which pleases me.
When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam, I spent the whole a day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden.
Finding out my grades at the end of my freshman year.
I met my friend and he gave me a wonderful present as it was my a birthday.  I enjoyed having that present.
When I met friends I had not seen for the last 2-4 years.
When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a a margin of three marks.
The birth of my daughter.
A recurrent lovesickness.
After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5 a examinations for almost a year, at last I received a letter of a acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling a me that I had made it to the first year course at UNZA.
An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses a paid.
Going to a concert.
Waking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself.
I am not especially good at English, and after the high school a graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the a whole day.  In the evening, when I heard that I had done a excellently, I became very happy and the anxiety vanished.  My a family was at home.
The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor a said that the ear was completely all right.
I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or a athletics.
When I learnt that I was selected for form I.
Being chosen to do your experiment with aphasia.
When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my a lover and future wife.
When I had passed MCE examinations.
A friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra.  The idea a seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish a to the others.
When I talk to my friends.
When the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me.
When a girl I wanted very much, said "yes" and fell in love with  a me.
When I was informed that a short story I had written had been a accepted for publication.
This is one feeling I never betray, but I must confess that the a last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M.A with a a high rank.  This was a few years ago when my friend told me about a the result.
[ I can not recall one.]
When high level results were declared, I found my candidature a number.  I was very happy as I had not expected it.  As I had been  a injured before the examination and I had performed poorly.
When I found our my mother didn't have cancer.
Always when I am well succeded.
Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed a terribly.
When I got married.
When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine.
Getting into this university to do medicine.
Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work a for a week at that plan.
When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good a one.
When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our a relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again.
I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very a funny.
Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from a airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in a contact again.
When I got the scholarship letter from Australia.
When I was complimented and called "delightful".
I felt happy when my mother gave birth to a son who is the last a born in the family.
I was told that I had passed the statistics exam.  I had not a expected this so I was very happy.
Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close a friends of mine.
I was in the living room at home with an ex-boyfriend, it was a nearly a year that we had separated, during the talk he began to a remember our courting and gave me a long kiss.
This came in when at one time I met a girl who I didn't expect to a fall in love with me. Fortunately I tried my luck and she accepted a my proposal. At the same time she was giving me a lot of money a which was just like a miracle to me.
When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for a hours. She was in a good mood.
I got a good reaction from my tutor and tutorial group for a a presentation I'd given that I was very worried about.
I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of a practice, at a contest, I covered the norms for "a master of sports".
When I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting.
Finding my glasses again after having lost them in town.
After watching the 49ers lose game after game, year after year, I a was finally rewarded with a Super Bowl victory which made me a extremely happy.
When a person that I like very much got near to me.
When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently a went to his family. We had a very nice evening.
When my parents complimented me very nicely on something.
I felt joyful when I heard that I had been selected for College a education.
"Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your a uncle is coming back fron Canada next week," my father told me a and it was a happy moment.
I asked someone to go out and she accepted right away.
A party with friends on New Year's Eve.
When my son was born.
I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our a holidays were short and my home is far. Some times, mother came to a see me at school, I was very joyful, and I didn't want her to go.
Got a present from my friend for my birthday.
When my uncle gave me my first year's results.  I opened the a envelope and my eyes ran into two "B+" - in EC110 and M160, this a meant that I had qualified for a major in economics.
Finding out that I can go to your English lectures.
I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen a for many months.  The weather was very pleasant, we had some a ice-cream and lots of fun on the beach.
I made the college entrance examinations for P.U.C. It was what I a wanted more. When the first list came out I got frustrated. I a wasn't in. When the second list came out without hopes I started a to read the newspaper and my name was thre. I was in the bus and a felt like crying so that everybody could hear me. The cry was hold, a and 1982 became forever a mask in my life.
I had a singing-lesson, but I was not very good. The last a exercise was singing scales. I did that very well and my teacher a seemed satisfied.
An ex-colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their a accounts bureau.  They needed "clever people" and he had a "immediately thought of me."
Scoared a goal in a football match.
When, after a long time, I saw a girl with whom I was in love.
When, for example, I was in my eleventh school year and I learned a I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature a National Olympiad.
When, to my surprise, I got to know about having got "very good" a high school graduation marks.
While dancing in a restaurant last week.
While having a discussion with a colleague of mine, I realized that her a conception of man and work were similar to mine.
While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever  a and amusing sketch.
Winning a close volleyball game. (I'm on the intercollegiate team a at CAL)
Winning a game after a long time of losing.
You told me psychology can help people to be happier. 
